A marriage is null and void if it falls under any one of the following subparagraphs: Amended by Act No. 7427, Mar. 31, 2005
Where there is no agreement to marry between the parties
Where the marriage is in violation of Article 809 (1)
Where there exists or existed between the parties the relationship of lineal relatives by affinity
Where there existed between the parties the relationship of lineal blood relatives of adoptive parent line.
Any person who is eighteen years old or older may enter into matrimony.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8720, Dec. 21, 2007
A minor shall obtain the consent of both parents in order to marry. If one parent is unable to exercise the right of consent, the minor shall obtain the consent of the other parent, and if neither parent is able to exercise the right of consent, the minor shall obtain the consent of his or her guardian of minor.
An adult ward may marry upon obtaining the consent of his or her parents or adult guardian.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10429, Mar. 7, 2011
A marriage may not be allowed between blood relatives (including the blood relatives of an adoptee before full adoption) within the eighth degree of relationship.
This paragraph was amended by Act No. 7427, March 31, 2005 pursuant to the decision of incompatibility with the Constitution which was made by the Constitutional Court on March 27, 1997
A marriage may not be allowed between the parties who are or were such relatives by affinity as the spouses of blood relatives within the sixth degree of relationship, the blood relatives of the spouse within the sixth degree of relationship, and the spouses of blood relatives of the spouse within the fourth degree of relationship.
A marriage may not be allowed between the parties who were the blood relatives of adoptive parent line within the sixth degree of relationship and the affinity relatives of adoptive parent line within the fourth degree of relationship.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 7427, Mar. 31, 2005
No one who has a spouse shall enter into another marriage.
Legal effect taken by relationship of relatives shall extend to the following persons unless this Act or other Acts provide otherwise:
Blood relatives within the eighth degree of relationship
Affinity relatives within the fourth degree of relationship
Spouse.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 4199, Jan. 13, 1990
If there exist such inheritors as provided in Article 1000 (1) 1 and 2, the spouse of the inheritee becomes a co-inheritor, in the same order as the said inheritor. If there exists no inheritor, the spouse becomes the sole inheritor. Amended by Act No. 4199, Jan. 13, 1990
In the case mentioned in Article 1001, the spouse of the deceased or the disqualified person, before the commencement of inheritance, becomes a co-inheritor in the same order as the inheritors provided in the same Article. If there exists no inheritor, the spouse becomes the sole inheritor. Amended by Act No. 4199, Jan. 13, 1990
Inherent property belonging to either husband or wife from the time before the marriage and property acquired during the marriage in his or her own name shall constitute his or her peculiar property.
Any property, of which title is uncertain between the husband and wife, shall be presumed to be in their co-ownership. Amended by Act No. 3051, Dec. 31, 1977
If, with respect to normal home affairs, one spouse has effected a juristic act with a third person, the other spouse shall be jointly and severally liable for the obligation therefrom: Provided, That this shall not apply where a previous notice, to the effect that the other spouse will not assume such liability, has been clearly given to the third person.
The expenses necessary for communal life of husband and wife shall be jointly and severally borne by them, unless a special stipulation has been made between them.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 4199, Jan. 13, 1990
A claim to the court for annulment of a marriage may be made under any one of the following subparagraphs: Amended by Act No. 4199, Jan. 13, 1990 Act No. 7427, Mar. 31, 2005
Where a marriage is in violation of the provisions of Articles 807 through 809 (excluding the cases falling under the nullity of marriage under Article 815 hereafter in Articles 817 and 820 the same shall apply) or 810
When at the time of marriage one of the parties was unaware that the other party had been suffering from a malignant disease or had any other serious reason which would make marital life unable to continue
When the declaration of intention to marry has been made by fraud or duress.
The annulment of a marriage shall not be retrospectively effective.
The lineal ascendants of a parent who does not foster children may request the Family Court to grant visitation with the children, where the parent is unable to visit the children due to death or any other extenuating circumstance such as illness and residency abroad. In such cases, the Family Court shall take into consideration circumstances such as the intent of the children, the relationship between the requesting person and the children, and the reasons for the request. Newly Inserted by Act No. 14278, Dec. 2, 2016
Husband and wife may get a divorce by agreement.
Either husband or wife may apply to the Family Court for a divorce in each case of the following subparagraphs: Amended by Act No. 4199, Jan. 13, 1990
If the other spouse has committed an act of unchastity
If one spouse has been maliciously deserted by the other spouse
If one spouse has been extremely maltreated by the other spouse or his or her lineal ascendants
If one spouse's lineal ascendant has been extremely maltreated by the other spouse
If the death or life of the other spouse has been unknown for three years
If there exists any other serious cause for making it difficult to continue the marriage.
Article 806 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the claims for damages from a judicial divorce, Article 837 to the responsibility of parenting children following a judicial divorce, Article 837-2 to the visitation rights following a judicial divorce, Article 839-2 to the claim for division of property following a judicial divorce, and Article 839-3 to the right to cancel a fraudulent act for the purpose of preserving the claims for division of property following judicial divorce.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11300, Feb. 10, 2012
A lease becomes effective when one of the parties has agreed to allow the other party to use an object and take profits therefrom, and the latter has agreed to pay rent for it.
Rent shall be paid at the end of each month in the case of a movable, a building, or a building site, and at the end of each year in the case of any other land: Provided, That in the case of a leased object which has a harvest season, rent shall be paid, without delay, upon the close of such a season.
In the case of the lease of a building or any other structure, if the amount of rent in arrears reaches the rent for two periods, the lessor may rescind the contract for the future.
If part of the leased object has become unusable, or has become impossible to take profit from, due to loss or any other cause other than the fault of the lessee, the lessee may demand a reduction of the rent in proportion to the part which has been lost.
If, as mentioned in paragraph (1), the remaining part of the object is not sufficient to enable the lessee to attain the objective for which the lease has been made, the lessee may rescind the contract for the future.
If the delivery of a specific thing is the subject of a claim, the obligor is bound to preserve such thing with the care of a good manager until it is delivered.
If repairs are necessary to the leased object or a third person claims a right over it, the lessee shall notify the lessor thereof without delay: Provided, That this shall not apply if the lessor has prior knowledge of this information.
The lessee may not object to a lessor who performs any act deemed necessary for the preservation of the object leased.
A lessor is bound to deliver the object to the lessee, to maintain conditions necessary for the use and taking profits of the leased object while the lease is in force.
A lessee may not assign his rights or sub-lease the leased object without the consent of the lessor.
If the lessee violates the provisions of paragraph (1), the lessor may rescind the contract for the future.
If the lessor performs an act of preservation against the will of the lessee and the lessee is thereby incapable of attaining the objective for which the lease has been obtained, the lessee may rescind the contract for the future.
If one of the parties rescinds a contract for the future, the contract shall lose its effect for the future.
Rescission for the future or rescission of a contract shall not affect any claim for damages.
One of the parties to a bilateral contract may refuse performance of his own obligation until the other party tenders performance of his obligation: Provided, That this shall not apply where the obligation of the other party is not due.
If one of the parties to a contract is bound to tender performance of his own obligation first to the other party, and if there is any significant cause existing by which the other party's performance becomes difficult, the body of the preceding paragraph shall apply.
Any agreement entered by the parties in contravention of the provisions of Articles 627, 628, 631, 635, 638, 640, 641, and 643 through 647 which is unfavorable to either the lessee or sub-lessee shall be void.
If the lessee of a building or any other structure has attached an Article to such a building, etc. with the consent of the lessor for the benefit of the lessee's use, the lessee may demand that the lessor purchase such accessories at the time when the contract of lease terminates.
The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall apply to the accessories purchased from the lessor.
If no period for a lease has been fixed, either party may give notice to the other party at any time to rescind the lease for the future.
Rescission of the lease for the future shall be effective upon the expiration of the periods mentioned in each of the following subparagraphs, from the day on which the other party has received the notice mentioned in paragraph (1):
Six months, if the lessor has given notice of rescission of the lease to the lessee, and one month, if the lessee has given notice of rescission of the lease to the lessor, in the case of land, building and any other structure
Five days in the case of a movable.
A contract for work becomes effective when one of the parties has agreed to perform a certain job and the other has agreed to pay remuneration for the result of such work.
The remuneration shall be made simultaneously with the delivery of the finished object of the work: Provided, That if the delivery of the object of the work is not required, remuneration shall be paid without delay after the work has been performed.
The provisions of Article 656 (2) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the remuneration mentioned in paragraph (1).
The provisions of Articles 667 and 668 shall not apply if the defect in the finished subject-matter of the work has arisen through the nature of the materials supplied by the person who ordered the work, or by reason of instructions given by him: Provided, That this shall not apply if the contractor, knowing the impropriety of the materials or instructions, has failed to notify the person who ordered the work.
Even where there was a special agreement between the parties that the contractor shall not be bound by warranty liabilities mentioned in Articles 667 and 668, he may not be relieved of liabilities with respect to the defects in workmanship or materials of which he was aware and nevertheless failed to give notice.
One's lineal ascendants and lineal descendants shall be one's lineal blood relatives. One's brothers and sisters, brother's and sister's lineal descendants, brothers and sisters of one's lineal ascendants and such brother's and sister's lineal descendants shall be considered collateral blood relatives. Amended by Act No. 4199, Jan. 13, 1990
No person who falls under any one of the following subparagraphs may become the inheritor: Amended by Act No. 4199, Jan. 13, 1990 Act No. 7427, Mar. 31, 2005
A person who has intentionally killed or attempted to kill a lineal ascendant, the inheritee, his or her spouse, or any person who has priority or is in the same order of inheritance
A person who has intentionally assaulted a lineal ascendant, the inheritee or his or her spouse, and caused their death
A person who interferes by fraud or duress with a will or withdrawal of a will on inheritance of the inheritee
A person who, by fraud or duress, has the inheritee make a will on his or her inheritance
A person who forges, alters, destroys or conceals a will on inheritance of the inheritee.
If an obligor fails to effect performance in accordance with the tenor and purport of the obligation, the obligee may claim damages: Provided, That this shall not apply to where performance has become impossible and where this is not due to the obligor's intention or negligence.
Any person who causes losses to or inflicts injuries on another person by an unlawful act, intentionally or negligently, shall be bound to make compensation for damages arising therefrom.
The compensation for damages arising from the non-performance of an obligation shall be limited to ordinary damages.
The obligor is responsible for reparation for damages that have arisen through special circumstances, only if he had foreseen or could have foreseen such circumstances.
A compromise shall become effective when the parties have agreed to terminate a dispute between them by mutual concessions.
A contract of a compromise may not be canceled on the ground of a mistake: Provided, That this shall not be the case where such a mistake is concerned with the matters relating to the qualification of either party of a compromise or any matters other than those which are pertinent to the dispute subject to the compromise.
A juristic act which has conspicuously lost fairness through strained circumstances, rashness, or inexperience of the parties shall be null and void.
If a period has been fixed by the day, week, month or year, the first day of such period shall not be included in the computation: Provided, That this shall not apply if the period begins at midnight.
Where the last day of a period falls on a Saturday or a national holiday, such period shall mature on the following day. Amended by Act No. 8720, Dec. 21, 2007
The method of computing the period of time shall be governed by the provisions of this Chapter, unless it is otherwise provided by statutes by a judicial disposition or a juristic act.
If a period has been fixed by the day, week, month or year, the period shall mature upon the expiration of the last day of such period.
If the performance of an obligation of one of the parties to a bilateral contract becomes impossible by any cause for which the obligee is responsible, the obligor may demand counter-performance. The same applies to cases where performance becomes impossible by any cause for which neither of the parties is responsible in the case of mora creditoris.
In the cases of the preceding paragraph if the obligor has received any benefit by being relieved of his own obligation, he shall return such benefit to the obligee.
A minor shall obtain the consent of his or her legal representative to perform any juristic act: Provided, That exceptions shall be made where the juristic act concerned is one merely to acquire rights or to be relieved from obligations.
Any act done in violation of the provision of the preceding paragraph is voidable.
A person effecting performance may demand a receipt from the person accepting the performance.
The extinctive prescription of a claim shall become complete if not exercised for a period of ten years.
A loan for consumption becomes effective when one of the parties agrees to transfer the ownership of money, or any other substitute, to the other party, and the other party agrees to return the same amount of money or the same kind, quality, and quantity of any substitute therefor.
If the obligor has damaged, diminished or extinguished the security
If the obligor has failed to perform the obligation of furnishing the security.
The obligor may be released from liability to furnish a surety by furnishing other reasonable security in lieu thereof.
The assignment of a nominative claim cannot be set up against the obligor or any other third person, unless the assigner has given notice thereof to obligor or the obligor has consented thereto.
The notice or consent mentioned in the preceding paragraph cannot be set up against a third person other than the obligor, unless it is put in writing with a certified fixed date.
An interruption of prescription against the principal obligor shall also be effective as against the surety.
If each of the several obligors has the responsibility to perform the entire obligation, and the performance by one of the obligors discharges the other's obligation, the obligation shall be a joint and several obligation.
The ground for nullifying or avoiding a juristic act in regard to one of the obligors jointly and severally liable, shall not affect the others' obligation.
The acquisition, loss of, or any alteration in, a real right by a juristic act over an immovable takes effect upon its registration.
A mortgagee is entitled to obtain satisfaction of his claim in preference to other creditors out of the immovable which has been furnished by the debtor or by a third person as security without transferring its possession.
A mortgage shall secure the principal, interest, penalty, damages arising from the nonperformance of the obligation, and the expense for the enforcement of the mortgage. Where the compensation for damages is delayed, a mortgage can be exercised only as regards the payments due in respect of one year after the lapse of time for the performance of the principal.
A pledge shall become effective upon the delivery to the creditor of the object of pledge.
Unless otherwise provided by an agreement, a pledge shall secure the principal, interest, penalty, expense for enforcement of the pledge, expense for preservation of the pledged article, and the damages arising from the non-fulfillment of the obligation or from latent defects in the pledged article.
Performance must be effected by way of actual tender in strict accordance with the tenor of the obligation: Provided, That where the obligee previously refused its acceptance or where an act of the obligee is required for the performance of the obligation, it shall be sufficient to inform the obligee that all preparations have been made for performance, and give a peremptory notice to him of its acceptance.
A tender of performance shall relieve the obligor from responsibility for non-performance as from the time of such tender.
In the absence of a special agreement, the expenses of performance shall be borne by the obligor: Provided, That where the expenses of performance is increased by changing the obligee's domicile or by his any other act, the amount of such increase shall be borne by the obligee.
A performance made to a quasi-possessor of the claim is effective only if it was done in good faith and without negligence.
A performance made to the bearer of a receipt shall be effective even where he is not authorized to accept performance: Provided, That this shall not apply to where the person effecting performance was aware or should have been aware of the fact that the bearer did not have such authority.
Except in the cases mentioned in the preceding two Articles, a performance made to a person who is not authorized to accept it is effective only to the extent that the obligee has been enriched thereby.
If an obligor owes to the same obligee several obligations whose subject is of the same kind, and the tender of performance is insufficient to discharge them all, the person effecting performance may, at the time of performance, designate the obligation to be discharged by appropriating performance for it.
If the person effecting performance makes no such designation as mentioned in the preceding paragraph, the person accepting the performance may at the time of acceptance designate an obligation to be discharged by appropriation of performance: Provided, That this shall not apply if the person effecting performance immediately objects to such designation and appropriation.
The appropriation of performance mentioned in the preceding two paragraphs shall be effected by a declaration of intention made to the other party.
Where an obligor has, with the consent of the obligee, done act of performance different from, and in substitution for the one originally intended, such act shall be deemed valid performance. Amended by Act No. 12881, Dec. 30, 2014
A set-off be effected by means of a declaration of intention to the other party. No condition may be attached, nor a time be fixed, to such declaration of intention.
A claim with completed extinctive prescription may be used for a set-off if it had been able to be used therefor prior to the completion of prescription.
Where the obligation has arisen from an intentional unlawful act, the obligor cannot avail himself of a set-off against the obligee.
If the claim is one of which an attachment cannot be effected, the obligor may not set up against the obligee any defense of set-off.
A third obligor under garnishment order may not set up against his obligee who requested such order any defense of set-off subsequently acquired by him.
If the new obligation arisen from a novation does not come into existence or has been avoided by reason of illegality of its cause or of any circumstance of which the parties were not aware, the original obligation shall not be extinguished.
A novation by change of an obligee cannot be set up against a third person, unless it is done by a document with a certified fixed date.
If the parties have entered into a contract by which the essential elements of the obligation are modified, such obligation shall be extinguished by novation.
The parties to a novation may transfer the security for the original obligation to that of the new obligation, within the limit of its objective: Provided, That if the security has been furnished by a third person, his consent must be obtained.
If the obligee declares to the obligor an intention to release the obligor from the obligation, such obligation shall be extinguished: Provided, That a release cannot be set up against a third person who has a reasonable interest.
If a claim and the corresponding obligation become vested in one and the same person, the claim shall be extinguished: Provided, That this shall not apply if such claim itself is a subject of a third person's right.
If there exists a document evidencing the obligation, the person effecting performance in full may demand the return of such document. This shall also apply where the obligation has been extinguished in full by any cause other than performance.
If the obligee refuses to accept performance or is unable to accept it, the person effecting performance may relieve himself of his obligation by depositing the subject matter of performance for the obligee. The same shall apply where the obligee cannot be ascertained without any negligence on the part of the person effecting performance.
If there are no special provisions of Acts in respect of the Deposit Office, the court must, on the application of the person effecting performance, designate a Deposit Office and appoint a custodian of the deposited article.
Until the obligee has given his consent to the deposit or has notified the Deposit Office of the receipt of the deposited article or a judgment declaring the deposit effective has become final and conclusive, the depositor may recover the deposited article and, in such case, the deposit is deemed not to have been made.
The preceding paragraph shall not apply where a pledge or a mortgage has been extinguished by making a deposit.
The extinctive prescription of claims defined in the following subparagraphs shall become complete if not exercised for a period of three years: Amended by Act No. 5454, Dec. 13, 1997
Interest, support fees, salaries, rent, and other claims purporting for the delivery of money or other things within a time limit of one year
Claims of medical practitioners, midwives, nurses, and pharmacists, for medical treatment, professional services, and dispensation of medicines
Claims of contractors, engineers, and persons engaging in planning or supervising works, for the execution of their works
Claims against attorneys-at-law, patent agents, notaries public, certified public accountants, and certified judicial scriveners, for the return of documents kept in connection with their services
Claims of attorneys-at-law, patent agents, notaries public, certified public accountants, and certified judicial scriveners, for their services
Items received in exchange for products and merchandise sold by producers and merchants
Claims of artisans and manufacturers for their works.
Intervention in bankruptcy proceedings shall have no effect of interrupting prescription if those proceedings are cancelled by a creditor or if his demand for intervention is dismissed.
An order for payment shall have no effect of interrupting prescription if it lapses for the claimant's failure to apply for provisional execution within the period of time prescribed by law.
A summons for compromise shall have no effect of interrupting prescription, unless an action is brought within one month and the other party does not appear or a compromise is not arrived at. The same shall apply in the case of a voluntary appearance where a compromise is not arrived at.
A peremptory notice shall have no effect of interrupting prescription unless a demand by judicial proceedings, intervention in bankruptcy proceedings, a summons for compromise or a voluntary appearance for the same purpose, an attachment, a provisional attachment or a provisional disposition is taken within six months.
An attachment, a provisional attachment, or a provisional disposition, shall have no effect of interrupting prescription if annulled on the application of the claimant or by reason of non-compliance with any provisions of Acts.
An attachment, a provisional attachment, or a provisional disposition, if not effected against the person in whose favour prescription is running, shall not have the effect of interrupting prescription until such person has been notified thereof.
In order to make an acknowledgement, having the effect of interrupting prescription, no capacity or authority for disposition in respect of the rights of the other party is required.
Extinctive prescription shall be interrupted in any of the following cases:
Demand
Attachment, provisional attachment or provisional disposition
Acknowledgment.
An offer of a contract may not be withdrawn.
Except as otherwise provided for by this Act, the provisions of the Judicial Conciliation of Civil Disputes Act shall apply mutatis mutandis to family conciliation: Provided, That Articles 18 and 23 of the Judicial Conciliation of Civil Disputes Act shall not apply mutatis mutandis.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10212, Mar. 31, 2010
Except as otherwise prescribed in this Act, the procedures for family litigation shall be governed by the provisions of the Civil Procedure Act: Provided, That Articles 147 (2), 149, 150 (1), 284 (1), 285, 349, 350, 410 of the Civil Procedure Act, the provisions concerning the acknowledgment of claims from among those of Article 220 of the said Act, and the provisions concerning the confessions from among those of Article 288 of the said Act, shall not apply to cases of family litigations of Category A and Category B.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10212, Mar. 31, 2010
Where it falls under any of the following subparagraphs, a suit shall be regarded to have been filed at the time a request for conciliation is filed:
Where there is a ruling not to proceed with conciliation pursuant to Article 26
Where a case is terminated by the failure of conciliation under Article 27
Where an objection is filed within the period mentioned in Article 34 (1) against the decision in lieu of conciliation under Article 30 or 32.
Where a suit shall be deemed to be instituted at the time a request for conciliation pursuant to paragraph (1) is filed, the amount of the stamp shall be supplemented to reflect the amount of the stamp to be affixed to the complaint less the amount of the stamp affixed to the written request for conciliation.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10200, Mar. 31, 2010
The purpose of this Act is to settle civil disputes in an appropriate, fair, prompt, and efficient manner while respecting efforts of parties for the voluntary and autonomous settlement of disputes in accordance with conciliation procedures. Amended by Act No. 16910, Feb. 4, 2020
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10200, Mar. 31, 2010
Conciliation shall be duly constituted by entering in the conciliation protocol the matters agreed upon between the parties.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10200, Mar. 31, 2010
With respect to cases where agreement has not been reached or where the terms of agreement are deemed inappropriate, a conciliation judge may render decisions to ensure a fair resolution of the case, taking into account ex officio the interests of parties and all other relevant circumstances to the extent not contrary to the purport of the request for conciliation. Amended by Act No. 16910, Feb. 4, 2020
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10200, Mar. 31, 2010
If a case falls under any of the following, and a conciliation judge makes no decision under Article 30, he or she shall terminate such case as failed conciliation:
If the parties fail to reach agreement
If the details of agreement are deemed inappropriate.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10200, Mar. 31, 2010
Parties to a civil dispute may file a request for conciliation with a court. Amended by Act No. 16910, Feb. 4, 2020
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10200, Mar. 31, 2010
The court official of Grade , etc. attending conciliation shall prepare a conciliation protocol: Provided, That he or she may omit a part of its content with permission of a conciliation judge.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10200, Mar. 31, 2010
A conciliation case shall be under the jurisdiction of the district court, the branch court of the district court, the Si court, or the Gun court (hereinafter referred to as "Si/Gun court"), which has the jurisdiction over places falling under any of the following subparagraphs:
The place of general forum of a respondent under Articles 3 through 6 of the Civil Procedure Act
The place of business or business office of a respondent
The place of work of a respondent
The location of the subject-matter of disputes
The place where damage occurs.
Notwithstanding paragraph (1), a conciliation case may be placed under the jurisdiction of an exclusive competent court of a case equivalent thereto, or a court determined by agreement of parties.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10200, Mar. 31, 2010
Conciliation shall have the same effect as a settlement in court.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10200, Mar. 31, 2010
A request for conciliation may be filed in writing or orally.
When making a request orally, the applicant shall make a statement in the presence of a court official of Grade , ,  or  (hereinafter referred to as "court official of Grade , etc.").
In cases falling under paragraph (2), a court official of Grade , etc. shall prepare a protocol specifying the request for conciliation, and sign his or her name and affix his or her seal thereto.
In filing a request for conciliation, fees shall be paid, as prescribed by the Supreme Court Regulations.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10200, Mar. 31, 2010
The hearing date for conciliation shall be notified to the parties.
Notification of the hearing date for conciliation may be made in any appropriate manner, such as the service of a writ of summons.
Where both parties appear before the court and file a request for conciliation, the hearing date for conciliation shall be the date of the request, in the absence of special circumstances.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10200, Mar. 31, 2010
A judgment shall take effect by a pronouncement thereof.
A lawsuit shall be instituted by filing a written complaint with a court.
When no objection has been raised against a payment order, or an objection has been withdrawn, or a ruling of rejection has become final and conclusive, the said payment order shall take the same effect as a final and conclusive judgment.
General forum of a person shall be determined by his or her domicile: Provided, That where the person has no domicile in the Republic of Korea or his or her domicile is unknown, it shall be determined pursuant to his or her residence, and if the residence is unfixed or unknown, it shall be determined pursuant to his or her last domicile.
General forum of a juristic person or any other association or foundation shall be determined pursuant to the place where its principal office or business place is located, and in cases where there exists no office and business place, it shall be determined pursuant to the domicile of the person principally in charge of its duties.
In cases where the provisions of paragraph (1) are applied to a foreign juristic person and any other foreign association or foundation, their general forums shall be determined pursuant to their offices, business places, or the domiciles of the persons in charge of their duties, in the Republic of Korea.
In a written complaint, the parties and their legal representatives, and the gist and counts of the claim shall be entered.
Provisions relating to preparatory documents shall apply mutatis mutandis to a written complaint.
A court shall serve a duplicate of a written complaint on the defendant.
The provisions of Article 254 (1) through (3) shall apply mutatis mutandis where a duplicate of a written complaint is unable to be served.
Where a defendant contests the claim of a plaintiff, he or she shall submit a written defence within 30 days from the date of receiving a service of a duplicate of the written complaint: Provided, That the same shall not apply where the defendant has received a service of a duplicate of the written complaint by the method of a service by public notice.
The court shall, when serving a duplicate of the written complaint, notify the defendant of the purport of paragraph (1).
The court shall serve a duplicate of the written defence on the plaintiff.
The provisions relating to the preparatory document shall apply to the written defence.
A court may, when a defendant has failed to submit a written defence under Article 256 (1), render a judgment without holding any pleadings by deeming that he or she has confessed the facts constituting the counts of the claim: Provided, That the same shall not apply where there exist any matters to be investigated ex officio, or where the defendant has submitted a written defence with a purport that he or she contests the claim of a plaintiff until a judgment is declared.
The provisions of paragraph (1) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the time when the defendant submits a written defence with a purport of confessing all the facts constituting the counts of the claim and fails to make a separate plea.
The court may, when serving a duplicate of the written complaint on the defendant, concurrently notify him or her of the date of declaring a judgment without holding any pleadings under the provisions of paragraphs (1) and (2).
The presiding judge shall designate the date for pleading immediately, except where an adjudication is given without pleading pursuant to Article 257 (1) and (2): Provided, That this shall not apply where it is required to bring a case to the preparatory proceedings for pleading.
The presiding judge shall, where the preparatory proceedings for pleading are completed, designate the date for pleading immediately.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9171, Dec. 26, 2008
Briefs shall be submitted in such a way that the other party may have sufficient period to prepare for the matters as stated therein, and the court shall serve a duplicate thereof on the other party.
An examination of witnesses and parties shall be convergently performed after the allegations and evidences of the parties have been adjusted.
A court shall, after completion of its trial on litigation, render a final judgment.
The costs of lawsuit to be borne by the parties in cases of a partial defeat shall be determined by the court: depending on circumstances, the court may charge either of the parties with the whole of the costs.
An appeal shall be filed within two weeks from the date on which the written judgment has been served: Provided, That this shall not preclude the filing of an appeal prior to the service of the written judgment.
The period under paragraph (1) shall be an invariable period.
Except for representatives entitled to conduct the judiciary acts pursuant to Acts, no person may become an attorney, other than attorneys-at-law.
Where a party could not observe an invariable period due to any cause not attributable to himself, he or she may subsequently complete the litigation which he or she failed to conduct, within two weeks from the date on which such cause ceases to exist: Provided, That for a party who was in a foreign country at the time such a cause was extinguished, such period shall be fixed for 30 days.
The provisions of Article 172 shall not apply to the period under paragraph (1).
For the case pending before a court, neither party shall institute any lawsuit again.
An immediate appeal shall be made within one week from the date of notifying the trial.
The period under paragraph (1) shall be an invariable period.
In cases of an unjustifiable lawsuit whose defects are not rectifiable, such lawsuit may be rejected by a judgment without holding any pleadings.
A court shall not render any judgment on matters which have not been claimed by the parties.
An appeal to the Supreme Court may be filed only when stating as the grounds therefor that there has been a violation of the Constitution, Acts, administrative decrees, or regulations, which has affected the judgment.
When there exists in a judgment any one ground of the following subparagraphs, it shall be deemed that there exists a justifiable ground in the appeal to the Supreme Court:
When an adjudicating court has not been constituted in compliance with the provisions of Acts
When a judge, who is ineligible to take part in a judgment pursuant to the provisions of Acts, has participated in the judgment
When the provisions as to an exclusive jurisdiction have been violated
When there is any defect in granting a legal representation right, powers of attorney, or a special authority for the litigation by a representative
When the provisions for opening the pleadings to the public have been violated
When the grounds for a judgment are not clarified, or contain any contradiction.
The provisions of paragraph (1) 4 shall not apply when there has been a ratification pursuant to the provisions of Article 60 or 97.
A lawsuit of retrial shall be filed within 30 days from the date the party has become aware of the grounds for a retrial after the judgment became final and conclusive.
The period under paragraph (1) shall be an invariable period.
When five years have elapsed after a judgment became final and conclusive, no lawsuit of retrial therefor shall be filed.
When grounds for retrial have arisen after the judgment became final and conclusive, the period of paragraph (3) shall be reckoned from the date on which such grounds have arisen.
A judgment shall not become final and conclusive during the period in which an appeal may be filed or when a lawful appeal is filed within such period.
With regard to a claim aiming at the payment of a specific amount of money or other fungibles or securities, the court may, upon a motion of a creditor, issue a payment order: Provided, That it shall be limited where a service other than that by public notice may be effected in the Republic of Korea.
As for a civil dispute, a party may file a motion for compromise with the district court in the place where the general forum of the other party is located, by specifying the gist and counts of a motion and the situations of the dispute.
A party shall not entrust the other party with the right to appoint a representative for the compromise under paragraph (1).
The court may, if deemed necessary, order the appearance of the party himself or herself or his or her legal representative, in order to examine whether or not the right of representation exists.
The provisions relating to the litigation shall apply mutatis mutandis to a motion for compromise, unless they are contrary to the nature of compromise.
Demanding procedures shall be subject to an exclusive jurisdiction of the district court in the location of the debtor's general forum, or of the competent court under the provisions of Article 7 through 9, 12 or 18.
A lawsuit against a person who works continuously in an office or business place may be brought to the court having the jurisdiction over the seat of such office or business place.
A lawsuit concerning a property right may be brought to the court having the jurisdiction over the place of residence or the place of obligation performance.
A lawsuit concerning bills or checks may be brought to the court located in the place of payment thereof.
A lawsuit concerning the affairs of an office or business place against a person who keeps such an office or business place may be brought to the court located in the place of such an office or business place.
A lawsuit concerning a tort may be brought to the court in the place of an act.
A lawsuit for damages due to a collision of ships or aircraft or any other accident may be brought to the court in the place where the ships or aircraft involved in accidents first arrived.
The provisions relating to a lawsuit shall apply mutatis mutandis to a request for the payment order in so far as they are not contrary to the nature of the payment order.
A payment order shall be issued without questioning the debtor.
A payment order shall contain an entry of the parties, their legal representatives, and the gist and counts of the claim, and an additional entry to the effect that the debtor is entitled to raise an objection within two weeks from the date of receiving the service of the payment order.
The period under paragraph (1) shall be an invariable period.
Where a creditor has filed a request for instituting a lawsuit under Article 466 (1), or where a court renders a ruling to place the case of requesting a payment order to litigation procedures under Article 466 (2), the lawsuit shall be deemed to have been instituted when a request for a payment order was filed.
Where a debtor has raised a lawful objection against the payment order, it shall be deemed that a lawsuit has been instituted for the value of the claim's objects, which have been raised an objection, when a request for a payment order was filed.
A lawsuit concerning a property right against a person who has no domicile in the Republic of Korea or against a person whose domicile is unknown, may be brought to the court located in the place of the objects of a claim or those of the security, or any seizable property of a defendant.
A creditor may, upon receipt of an order from the court to rectify the debtor's address, file a request for instituting a lawsuit.
When it is impossible to serve the payment order without resorting to a service by public notice, or when it must be served to a foreign state, the court may place the case to litigation procedures by its ex officio ruling.
No appeal shall be made against the ruling under paragraph (2).
A court may grant a litigation aid, either ex officio or upon request of a person who falls short of the solvency to pay the costs of lawsuit: Provided, That the same shall not apply where it is obvious that the lawsuit will fail.
The applicant under paragraph (1) shall vindicate the reason for such aid.
A judgment on the litigation aid shall be rendered by the court which keeps the record of litigation.
Detailed matters on the concrete contents of the requisites for litigation aid as stipulated in paragraph (1) and the procedures for such aid shall be prescribed by the Supreme Court Regulations.
Preparatory proceedings for pleadings shall progress, with fixing a period, by means of making the parties submit the briefs and other documents or exchange them between themselves, or letting them apply for examination of evidence to prove the alleged facts.
The progress of preparatory proceedings for pleadings shall be under the charge of the presiding judge.
For the case presided over by a collegiate panel, the presiding judge may designate a member of the collegiate panel as a commissioned judge, and have him or her take charge of the preparatory proceedings for pleadings.
The presiding judge may, if deemed necessary, entrust another judge with the progress of preparatory proceedings for pleadings.
The presiding judge, etc. may open a date for preparatory pleading and have the parties attend there, if deemed necessary for arranging the allegations and evidences during the progress of the preparatory proceedings for pleadings.
If four months have elapsed without any designation of the date for preparatory pleading after the case was put to the preparatory proceedings for pleadings, the presiding judge, etc. shall promptly designate the date for preparatory pleading or close the preparatory proceedings for pleadings.
The parties may attend on the date for preparatory pleading together with a third party, by obtaining a permit of the presiding judge, etc.
The parties shall arrange and submit the allegations and evidences necessary for a preparation of pleadings, not later than the end of the date for preparatory pleading.
The presiding judge, etc. may take all measures necessary to prepare for a pleading, not later than the end of the date for preparatory pleading.
A court shall, when it has concluded the preparatory procedures for pleadings, ensure that the pleadings are to be closed immediately after going through the first date for pleading, and the parties shall cooperate therein.
The parties shall state the outcomes of the date for preparatory pleadings at the date for pleading after a conclusion of the date for preparatory pleadings.
The court shall promptly perform, on the date for pleadings, an examination of evidence pursuant to the results as adjusted in the preparatory procedures for pleadings.
When a person applying for permission of naturalization acquires the nationality, the Minister of Justice shall without delay notify the head of the family register office at the place of registration of such fact, and shall make public announcement thereof in the official gazette. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29372, Dec. 18, 2018
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25384, Jun. 17, 2014
When a person applying for permission of recovery of nationality acquires the nationality, the Minister of Justice shall without delay inform the head of the family register office at the place of registration of such fact, and make public announcement thereof in the official gazette.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29372, Dec. 18, 2018
A person who intends to obtain permission for naturalization under Article 4 (1) of the Act shall prepare an application for naturalization prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Justice and submit such application to the head of an immigration office, the head of a local immigration office, the head of a branch office of an immigration office, or the head of a branch office of a local immigration office (hereinafter referred to as the "head of an immigration office, etc."). Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22588, Dec. 31, 2010 Presidential Decree No. 28870, May 8, 2018
When the head of an immigration office, etc. receives an application as prescribed in paragraph (1), he or she shall send such application to the Minister of Justice without delay: Provided, That where any inquiry, examination, verification, or other measure is required as prescribed by the Minister of Justice, he or she shall send it, together with his or her opinion after following such procedure. Newly Inserted by Presidential Decree No. 22588, Dec. 31, 2010 Presidential Decree No. 28870, May 8, 2018
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21061, Oct. 6, 2008
"Person prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 10 (2) 5 of the Act means any of the following persons: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28255, Aug. 29, 2017
A person who finds it impracticable to renounce a foreign nationality because of laws and institutions of the foreign country or a person who is deemed to be in circumstances corresponding thereto
A person who has submitted documents certifying the circumstantial difficulties in following the procedure for renouncing nationality within the period prescribed in Article 10 (1) of the Act, because of the laws and scheme of the relevant foreign country, in spite that he or she has commenced a procedure for renouncing nationality of the relevant foreign country within three months after acquiring the nationality of the Republic of Korea.
When a person falling under paragraph (1) 2 completes the procedure for renouncing a foreign nationality, he or she shall submit his or her certificate, etc. of renunciation of nationality to the Minister of Justice without delay.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22588, Dec. 31, 2010
With regard to a person who falls under any subparagraph of Article 12 (3) of the Act before he or she reaches his or her full 20 years of age, the period prescribed in the main sentence of Article 12 (2) of the same Act shall be counted from the time he or she reaches his or her full 20 years of age.
The Minister of Justice may, if necessary to determine nationality, request the head of a relevant agency to examine the personal and criminal records, and trends of his or her sojourn, or seek an opinion concerning reference matters for determination.
The Minister of Justice may, if necessary, request an applicant for determination of nationality to state his or her opinion or submit supplementary documents.
The Minister of Justice shall determine whether an applicant currently holds the nationality of the Republic of Korea after examining the following matters:
The applicant's family line
Grounds for immigration
Whether the nationality of the Republic of Korea is acquired
Whether any records showing the loss of the nationality of the Republic of Korea by reason that he or she acquired a foreign nationality after acquiring the nationality of the Republic of Korea exist.
When the Minister of Justice deems that an applicant for determination of nationality currently holds the nationality of the Republic of Korea, he or she shall notify the applicant and the head of the family register office at his or her place of registration thereof without delay, and make public announcement thereof in the Official Gazette.
A person who is subject to determination under paragraph (4) may create a new family register under the Act on the Registration of Family Relationship without following a separate procedure for the acquisition of nationality.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22750, Mar. 29, 2011
The kinds of benefits prescribed in this Act shall be as follows:
Old age pension
Disability pension
Survivor pension
Lump-sum refund.
Korean citizens residing in the Republic of Korea over the age of 18 and below the age of 60 shall be eligible to participate in the National Pension Plan: Provided, That the foregoing shall not apply to public officials, military personnel, school teachers and staff, and employees of special post offices governed by the Public Officials Pension Act, the Military Pension Act, the Pension for Private School Teachers and Staff Act, and the Special Post Offices Act, respectively, and other persons prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 14214, May 29, 2016
Where a person who participates or participated in the National Pension Plan falls under any of the following cases, he or she may receive a lump-sum refund at the request of the person himself or herself or his or her survivors: Amended by Act No. 14214, May 29, 2016
When a person who has participated in the National Pension Plan for less than ten years reaches the age of 60
When a person who participates or participated in the National Pension Plan dies: Provided, That the foregoing shall not apply where survivor benefits are paid pursuant to Article 72
When the person loses his or her nationality or emigrates overseas.
The amount of a lump-sum refund under paragraph (1) shall be the amount of pension premiums paid by a currently or formerly insured (including the employer contribution in cases of a currently or formerly workplace-based insured person) plus interest prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Where the payment of a lump-sum refund is claimed pursuant to paragraph (1), Article 73 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the scope of survivors, the order of claim priority, etc.
Notwithstanding Article 6, a foreigner employed in a workplace governed by this Act or resides in the Republic of Korea, other than a person prescribed by Presidential Decree, shall be a workplace-based insured person or individually insured person, as a matter of course: Provided, That this shall not apply if any relevant laws of such foreigner's home country does not apply to the citizens of the Republic of Korea with respect to a pension equivalent to the National Pension Scheme under this Act. Amended by Act No. 13100, Jan. 28, 2015
To apply Article 67 (1) 1 to a foreigner who participates or participated in the National Pension Plan (hereinafter referred to as "foreigner who participates or participated in the National Pension Plan, etc.") pursuant to the main sentence of paragraph (1), the date of the first medical examination of his or her disease or injury shall fall in the period during which he or she resides in the Republic of Korea. Articles 67 (excluding Article 67 (3) 2) through 71 shall apply mutatis mutandis to matters concerning the occurrence, suspension, and termination of the entitlement of a foreigner who participates or participated in the National Pension Plan, etc. to receive disability pension benefits and the payment of disability pension benefits to him or her. Newly Inserted by Act No. 14214, May 29, 2016
Article 72 (2) 2 shall not apply where a foreigner who participates or participated in the National Pension Plan, etc. dies while he or she resides in the Republic of Korea. Articles 72 through 76 shall apply mutatis mutandis to matters concerning the occurrence, suspension, and termination of the entitlement of a foreigner who participates or participated in the National Pension Plan, etc. to receive survivor pension benefits and the payment of survivor pension benefits to him or her. Newly Inserted by Act No. 14214, May 29, 2016
Articles 77 through 79 shall not apply to a foreigner who participates or participated in the National Pension Plan, etc.: Provided, That the foregoing shall not apply to any of the following foreigners: Amended by Act No. 13100, Jan. 28, 2015 Act No. 14214, May 29, 2016
A foreigner where a citizen of the Republic of Korea fails to acquire entitlement to receive benefits (referring to benefits corresponding to benefits under subparagraphs 1 through 3 of Article 49) pursuant to the Acts of a foreign country to which the foreigner belongs, and falls under any subparagraph of Article 77 (1), and it is provided by the Acts of the foreign country that a certain amount (referring to an amount calculated based on pension premiums paid during the period of participation in the National Pension Plan) shall be paid to the citizen of the Republic of Korea in a lump sum
A foreign employee under the Act on the Employment, etc. of Foreign Workers employed at a workplace governed by this Act
A person employed at a workplace governed by this Act who has the qualification to stay for him or her to participate in industrial training activities pursuant to Article 10 of the Immigration Act and does not leave a designated place where he or she receives training for the period of necessary training.
Methods, procedures, etc. for reporting the acquisition of qualification of a foreigner who participates or participated in the National Pension Plan, etc. shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Newly Inserted by Act No. 13100, Jan. 28, 2015 Act No. 14214, May 29, 2016
An employee or employer aged between 18 and under 60 in a workplace prescribed by Presidential Decree in consideration of type of business and number of employees, etc. (hereinafter referred to as mandatorily applicable workplace) shall become workplace-based insured as a matter of course: Provided, That the foregoing shall not apply to any of the following persons: Amended by Act No. 9431, Feb. 6, 2009 Act No. 15522, Mar. 20, 2018
A person who becomes entitled to a retirement pension, disability pension, or lump-sum retirement pension under the Public Officials Pension Act, the Public Officials' Accident Compensation Act, the Pension for Private School Teachers and Staff Act, or the Special Post Offices Act, or a retirement pension, wounded veterans' pension, or lump-sum retirement pension under the Military Pension Act (hereinafter referred to as "beneficiary of a retirement pension, etc."): Provided, That the foregoing shall not apply where a beneficiary of a retirement pension, etc. has applied for aggregation as prescribed in Article 8 of the Act on Aggregation of National Pension and Occupational Pensions
Deleted. by Act No. 10783, Jun. 7, 2011
Notwithstanding paragraph (1) and Article 6, an employee under age 18 engaged in a workplace covered by the National Pension Service, shall be deemed a workplace-based insured person: Provided, That if he or she does not wish to be a workplace-based insured person, he or she may opt not to be a workplace-based insured person. Amended by Act No. 13100, Jan. 28, 2015
Notwithstanding paragraph (1), a beneficiary who receives livelihood benefits under Article 7 (1) 1 of the National Basic Living Security Act or beneficiary who receives medical benefits under subparagraph 3 of the aforesaid Article may choose not to become a workplace-based insured person in accordance with his or her wish. Newly Inserted by Act No. 10783, Jun. 7, 2011 Act No. 13642, Dec. 29, 2015
"Workers and employers of workplaces prescribed by Presidential Decree, ... public officials, and school employees" in Article 6 (2) 4 of the Act means any of the following persons:
Part-time workers, or workers by the hour who are working less than 60 hours a month
Part-time school employees, or public officials or school employees by the hour who are working less than 60 hours a month
Workers and employers in places of business, the location of which is not fixed
Employers who employ no workers or only those falling under subparagraph 1.
Additional benefits prescribed in Article 50 of the Act mean medical expenses for pregnancy and delivery (including miscarriage and stillbirth hereinafter the same shall apply). Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28317, Sep. 19, 2017
A person eligible for the medical expenses for pregnancy and delivery prescribed in paragraph (1) shall be as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018
An insured person who is pregnant or gave birth to a baby, or her dependents
Legal representative (limited to where the insured person gave birth to a baby or her dependents died) of the insured or his or her dependents under one year of age (hereinafter referred to as infants and young children under one year of age).
The NHIS may issue a person falling under any subparagraph of paragraph (2) with treatment coupons for medical expenses for pregnancy and delivery which can be used to pay any of the following expenses: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018
Expenses incurred in relation to medical treatment related to pregnancy and delivery
Expenses incurred in relation to medical treatment for infants and young children under one year of age
Expenses incurred in purchasing medicines or materials for medical treatment prescribed for infants and young children under one year of age.
A person who intends to be issued with treatment coupons (hereafter referred to as applicant in this Article) shall submit an application for issuance prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare, along with a certificate verifying that the applicant falls under any subparagraph of paragraph (2). Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018
Upon receipt of an application for issuance of treatment coupons prescribed in paragraph (4), the NHIS shall issue the applicant with the coupons after verifying that he or she falls under any subparagraph of paragraph (2). Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018
The period of using treatment coupons shall be from the date of being issued with the treatment coupons pursuant to paragraph (5) until any of the following days: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018
The insured who is pregnant or gave birth to a baby, or her dependents: A date when one year has elapsed from the date of childbirth (in cases of miscarriage and stillbirth, the relevant date)
Legal representative of infants and young children under one year of age: A date when one year has elapsed from the date of birth of infants and young children under one year of age.
The upper limit of payable amount of a treatment coupon shall be as follows: Provided, That if deemed necessary and publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare, the payable amount may exceed the following upper limits: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018
In cases of being pregnant with or giving birth to a fetus: 600,000 won
In cases of being pregnant with or giving birth to at least two fetuses: 1,000,000 won.
Except as provided in paragraphs (2) through (7), matters necessary for the procedures for and methods of the payment of the medical expenses for pregnancy and delivery, the issuance and use of treatment coupons, and other relevant matters shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 27296, Jun. 30, 2016
Health checkups prescribed in Article 52 of the Act (hereinafter referred to as "health checkups") shall be conducted at least once every two years, and for the employees insured who do not work at a desk, health checkups shall be conducted once a year: Provided, That cancer checkups shall be conducted as prescribed by the Enforcement Decree of the Cancer Control Act, and infant and child health checkups may be conducted according to the checkup cycle and frequency determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare, in consideration of the ages, etc. of infants and young children.
Health checkups shall be conducted by health examination institutions designated in accordance with Article 14 of the Framework Act on Health Examination (hereinafter referred to as "examination institutions").
If the NHIS intends to conduct a health checkup, it shall notify the persons eligible for a health check of the matters concerning conducting their health checkups according to the following classifications:
General health checkups and cancer checkups: Where a health checkup is conducted for the employee insured, the relevant employers shall be notified of the health checkup, and where a health checkup is conducted for the dependents of the employee insured and the self-employed insured, persons who undergo health checkups shall be notified thereof
Infant and child health checkups: Where a health checkup is conducted for infants and children who are the dependents of the employee insured, the relevant employee insured shall be notified thereof, and where a health checkup is conducted for infants and children who are the self-employed insured, the heads of their households shall be notified thereof.
Examination institutions that have conducted health checkups shall notify the NHIS of the outcomes of health checkups, and the NHIS shall notify persons who have undergone health checkups, of the outcomes of such health checkups: Provided, That where any examination institution directly notifies anyone who has undergone a health checkup of the outcomes of his or her health checkup, the NHIS needs not notify him or her of such outcomes.
The subject matters of health checkups, the methods for conducting health checkups, expenses incurred therein, procedures for notifying the outcomes of health checkups, and other necessary matters concerning health checkups shall be determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018
"Period prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the main sentence of Article 53 (3) of the Act, with the exception of its subparagraphs, means one month.
"Number of ... prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the proviso of Article 53 (3) of the Act, with the exception of its subparagraphs, means six times.
Where ... is below the standard prescribed by Presidential Decree in the proviso of Article 53 (3) of the Act, with the exception of its subparagraphs, means where all of the following requirements are met. In such cases, income means income referred to in Article 41 (1), and property means property referred to in Article 42 (3) 1: Newly Inserted by Presidential Decree No. 29830, Jun. 11, 2019
The income of a household to which the insured who fails to pay the insurance contributions under Article 53 (3) 2 of the Act belongs shall be below one million won, and the tax base under Article 10 of the Local Tax Act (hereinafter referred to as tax base) on property of the household shall be one million won: Provided, That in cases of minors, persons of 65 years of age or over, or persons with disabilities registered pursuant to the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities, the tax base on their income and property shall be below the amount determined by the NHIS, respectively
The insured who fails to pay the insurance contributions under Article 53 (3) 2 of the Act shall have no income occurring from business for which he or she was registered as a business entity pursuant to Article 168 (1) of the Income Tax Act.
Detailed matters relating to the procedures, methods, and timing for identifying incomes and property under paragraph (3) shall be determined by the NHIS. Newly Inserted by Presidential Decree No. 29830, Jun. 11, 2019
"Which are determined by Presidential Decree" in the former part of Article 70 (3) of the Act means the pay, salary, remuneration, annual allowance, wage, bonus and allowances, and the money and valuables similar thereto paid in compensation for the provision of labor, other than the following: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 26367, Jun. 30, 2015
Retirement allowance
Prize money, and translation or script fee
Non-taxable income from labor under the Income Tax Act: Provided, That the non-taxable income under subparagraph 3 (j), (m), and (o) of Article 12 of the Income Tax Act shall be excluded.
"Cases prescribed by Presidential Decree, such as there are no data relating to the remunerations or they are indistinct" in the latter part of Article 70 (3) of the Act means any of the following:
Where remuneration-related data is absent or indistinct
Where the NHIS deems the remuneration-related data unreliable, considering the minimum wage amount provided for in Article 5 of the Minimum Wage Act.
Where all or part of the remuneration is paid in kind, the amount determined by the NHIS on the basis of the current price thereof in the relevant region shall be deemed the remuneration corresponding thereto.
Where the remuneration of workers in a workplace is verified during the period of applying the amount publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare under the latter part of Article 70 (3) of the Act, the relevant amount publicly notified shall cease to apply, beginning with a month following the month whereto belongs the date of verification by the NHIS.
"On islands, or in remote areas, or agricultural and fishery communities, etc. prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 75 (1) 1 of the Act means any of the following areas: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 26367, Jun. 30, 2015
Island areas and isolated areas determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare as areas isolated from health care institutions and which entail a lengthy journey for anyone to reach health care institutions by means of public transport
The following agricultural and fishing villages:
(a) Eup/Myeon area of a Gun or of a Si that takes the combined urban-rural form
(b) Dong area of a Si or of a Gun referred to in Article 2 (1) 2 of the Local Autonomy Act, excluding residential areas, commercial areas, and industrial areas designated under Article 36 (1) 1 of the National Land Planning and Utilization Act
(c) The area that falls under Article 33 of the Special Act on Improvement of Public Health and Welfare for Agricultural and Fishing Village Residents and Article 33 of the same Act
The area recognized by the Minister of Health and Welfare in consideration of the characteristics of a workplace that has limited access to health care institutions.
The following agricultural and fishing villages:
The monetary value per contribution point for the self-employed insured under Article 73 (3) of the Act shall be 195.8 won. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24261, Dec. 27, 2012 Presidential Decree No. 24776, Sep. 26, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 25760, Nov. 20, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 26743, Dec. 22, 2015 Presidential Decree No. 28551, Dec. 29, 2017 Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018 Presidential Decree No. 30287, Dec. 31, 2019
Where the amount of insurance contributions based on monthly remuneration that is initially computed and collected exceeds the amount of insurance contributions recomputed pursuant to Articles 34 through 38, the NHIS shall refund such overpayment to the employer, and where it falls short thereof, collect, in addition, the difference from the employer.
Where the relations of employment, appointment, and engagement of the employee insured are terminated, the employer shall undergo the procedure for settling accounts with the NHIS, after settling accounts with the worker by further recomputing the insurance contributions based on monthly remuneration already paid by the relevant employee insured: Provided, That as regards the employee insured to whom the amount publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare under the latter part of Article 70 (3) of the Act is applied, the calculation of the contributions imposed during the period whereto the notified amount is applied, may be omitted.
Regarding the amount to be refunded to or to be borne by the employee insured among the amount that has been refunded or paid in addition under paragraph (1), the employer shall settle accounts with the relevant employee insured.
Where the amount to be borne by the employee insured, among the amount to be additionally collected pursuant to paragraph (1) (hereinafter referred to as amount to be additionally collected), is not less than the amount of insurance contributions based on monthly remuneration amount to be borne by such employee insured (referring to the amount of insurance contributions based on monthly remuneration amount for the month to which the day of notifying the amount to be additionally collected belongs), the NHIS shall require such employee insured to pay according to the following classifications: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28710, Mar. 20, 2018
The amount to be additionally collected, as a result of the settlement of accounts (hereinafter referred to as year-end settlement) based on the total remuneration amount of the relevant year which is finally confirmed in the next year pursuant to the main sentence of Article 34 (1): Payment in five installments: Provided, That, at the request of the user, the payment may be made in lump sum (one time) or in 10 or less installments
The amount to be additionally collected, as a result of the settlement of accounts other than the year-end settlement: Payment of the whole amount in lump sum (one time): Provided, That, at the request of the user, the payment may be made in 10 or less installments.
Except as provided in paragraphs (1) through (4), detailed matters necessary for the settlement of accounts of the amount of insurance contributions based on monthly remuneration, and the payment thereof in installments shall be prescribed by the articles of incorporation of the NHIS. Newly Inserted by Presidential Decree No. 28710, Mar. 20, 2018
The NHIS and the Review and Assessment Service shall make a decision within 60 days from the receipt of written objection: Provided, That where any extenuating circumstances exist, it may extend the relevant period within the limit of 30 days.
Where the NHIS and the Review and Assessment Service intends to extend the period for decision under the proviso of paragraph (1), notice thereof shall be served to the applicant by not later than seven days prior to the expiration of such period for determination.
The Dispute Mediation Committee shall make a decision within 60 days from the date a request for judgment is submitted under Article 59 (1): Provided, That where any extenuating circumstance exists, the period may be extended within the extent of 30 days.
If any extension of the period for decision is intended for under the proviso of paragraph (1), such fact shall be notified to the requester by not later than seven days before the period of decision finishes.
When the Chairperson of the Dispute Mediation Committee has made a decision on request for judgment, the Chairperson shall affix his or her signature and seal on the written decision stating the following matters, and send without delay such written decision to the applicant and the person who has taken the dispositions and send the copy thereof to the persons interested:
Name, resident registration number, and address of the applicant
Person who has taken the disposition
Main sentence of the decision
Gist of the request for judgment
Grounds for the decision
Date of the decision.
"Any ground prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 109 (5) 1 of the Act means any of the following:
Where the relevant person resides in Korea without obtaining permission to extend the period of sojourn under Article 25 of the Immigration Act or Article 10 (2) of the Act on the Immigration and Legal Status of Overseas Koreans
Where the relevant person receives a written order of deportation pursuant to Article 59 (3) of the Immigration Act.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 27508, Sep. 22, 2016
Chapters IV and V shall not apply to a person who is employed at or over the age of 65 (excluding where a person who has maintained his or her insured status before the age of 65 continues to be employed at or over the age of 65), or commences a business as a self-employed person at or over the age of 65. Newly Inserted by Act No. 16269, Jan. 15, 2019
This Act shall apply to every business or workplace employing employees (hereinafter referred to as "employing unit"): Provided, That this Act shall not apply to types of employing units prescribed by Presidential Decree, in view of specific industry characteristics, size, or other factors.
This Act shall not apply to any of the following persons: Amended by Act No. 8959, Mar. 21, 2008 Act No. 11530, Dec. 11, 2012 Act No. 11864, Jun. 4, 2013 Act No. 16269, Jan. 15, 2019
Deleted by Act No. 16269, Jan. 15, 2019
A person whose contractual working hours are less than the minimum number of hours prescribed by Presidential Decree
A public official prescribed in the State Public Officials Act or the Local Public Officials Act: Provided, That public officials in extraordinary civil service and public officials in a fixed term position prescribed in Article 26-5 of the State Public Officials Act and Article 25-5 of the Local Public Officials Act may purchase employment insurance (limited to Chapter IV) at their own will, as prescribed by Presidential Decree
A person subject to the Pension for Private School Teachers and Staff Act
Any other person prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Chapters IV and V shall not apply to a person who is employed at or over the age of 65 (excluding where a person who has maintained his or her insured status before the age of 65 continues to be employed at or over the age of 65), or commences a business as a self-employed person at or over the age of 65. Newly Inserted by Act No. 16269, Jan. 15, 2019
Unemployment benefits shall be classified into job-seeking benefits and employment promotion allowances.
Types of employment promotion allowances are as follows:
Early re-employment allowance
Vocational skills development allowance
Long-distance job search allowance
Relocation allowance.
The definitions of the terms used in this Act shall be as follows: Amended by Act No. 9315, Dec. 31, 2008 Act No. 9990, Jan. 27, 2010 Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010 Act No. 10895, Jul. 21, 2011
The term "insured employee" means either of the following persons:
(a) An employee who is insured or deemed to be insured under Articles 5 (1) and (2), 6 (1), and 8 (1) and (2) of the Act on the Collection of Insurance Premiums, etc. for Employment Insurance and Industrial Accident Compensation Insurance (hereinafter referred to as the "Insurance Premium Collection Act")
(b) A self-employed person who is insured or deemed to be insured pursuant to Article 49-2 (1) and (2) of the Insurance Premium Collection Act (hereinafter referred to as "insured self-employed person")
The term "severance from employment" means the termination of an employment relationship between an insured employee and a business owner
The term "unemployment" means the state of being unemployed despite being able and willing to work
The term "recognition of unemployment" means confirmation by the head of an employment security office that an unemployed person who qualifies as an eligible recipient under Article 43 is actively seeking employment
The term "remuneration" means the amount calculated by subtracting money and valuables prescribed by Presidential Decree from the earned income prescribed in Article 20 of the Income Tax Act: Provided, That money and valuables prescribed and publicly announced by the Minister of Employment and Labor shall be deemed to be remuneration, among those accepted from persons other than a business owner during the period of layoff or under similar conditions
The term "daily hire employee" means a person who is employed for less than one month.
Where an insured employee who has been severed from employment satisfies all of the following requirements, job-seeking benefits shall be paid to him or her: Provided, That subparagraphs 5 and 6 shall apply only to a person who has been a daily hire employee at the time of most recent severance from employment: Amended by Act No. 16269, Jan. 15, 2019 Act No. 16557, Aug. 27, 2019
The number of qualifying days in covered employment (referring to the qualifying days in covered employment prescribed in Article 41 hereinafter the same shall apply) during the base period prescribed in paragraph (2) (hereinafter referred to as "base period") shall amount to at least 180 days
The insured employee is able and willing to work but is still yet to secure employment (including self-employment in a for-profit business hereafter the same shall apply in this Chapter and Chapter V)
The reasons for severance from employment shall not fall under any of the disqualifying conditions set forth in Article 58
The insured employee shall be actively seeking reemployment
Any of the following shall be applicable to the insured employee:
Where the insured employee has been severed from another employment due to a reason falling under the grounds for disqualification under Article 58 during the qualifying days in covered employment during the base period at the time of most recent severance from employment, the insured employee shall have worked as a daily hire employee for at least 90 days during the qualifying days in covered employment.
(a) The number of days that such insured employee has worked during the one-month period before the date of applying for recognition of eligibility for benefits under Article 43 shall be less than 10 days
(b) An insured employee shall be a daily hire employee working in the construction industry (referring to a person who is a daily hire employee and has worked, at the time of severance from employment, in the construction industry under the section classification on the Korean Standard Industrial Classification publicly notified by the Commissioner of the Statistics Korea as prescribed in Article 22 (1) of the Statistics Act hereinafter the same shall apply) and have no record of work performed during the 14 continuous days before the date such insured employee applies for recognition of eligibility for benefits
The base period shall be 18 months before the date of severance from employment, but if an insured employee falls under any of the following cases, the base period shall be the period classified as follows: Amended by Act No. 16557, Aug. 27, 2019
Where an insured employee has earned no remuneration due to illness, injury, or other grounds prescribed by Presidential Decree for 30 days during the 18 months before the date of severance from employment: A period (if the period exceeds three years, it shall be deemed three years) obtained by aggregating 18 months and the number of days in which such insured employee has not been paid remuneration due to such reason
Where all of the following requirements are satisfied: 24 months before the date of severance from employment:
(a) An insured employee shall have worked as a worker whose contractual working hours per week are less than 15 hours and contractual working days per week are two days or less at the time of severance from employment
(b) An insured employee shall have worked as a worker to whom item (a) is applicable for at least 90 days during the qualifying days in covered employment during the 24 months before the date of severance from employment.
Notwithstanding Article 40, an insured employee shall be disqualified for benefits if the head of an employment security office determines that any of the following subparagraphs applies to the insured employee: Amended by Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010
An insured employee who has been dismissed for any of the following serious causes attributable to him or her:
(a) Any violation of the Criminal Act or any duty-related Act that resulted in a sentence of imprisonment without labor or greater punishment
(b) Gross misconduct that caused serious damage to the employing unit's business or property as satisfying the criteria set forth by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor
(c) Prolonged unauthorized absence without good cause in breach of the employment contract or work rules
An insured employee whose severance from employment was due to his or her own circumstances falling under any of the following cases:
(a) A resignation to take up a new job or to start one's own business
(b) A resignation following the business owner's recommendation to resign rather than face dismissal for gross misconduct prescribed in subparagraph 1
(c) A resignation for any reason other than good cause, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor.
A person who intends to receive job-seeking benefits shall file an application for recognition that he or she is eligible for benefits under Article 40 (1) 1 through 3, 5, and 6 (hereinafter referred to as "eligibility for benefits") with the head of a relevant employment security office. Amended by Act No. 16269, Jan. 15, 2019
Upon receipt of an application for recognition of eligibility for benefits under paragraph (1), the head of an employment security office shall determine whether to recognize or deny the eligibility for benefits of the applicant and give notice of the results to the applicant, as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
In making a decision, as prescribed in paragraph (2), if an applicant satisfies all requirements described in the following subparagraphs, the eligibility for benefits of the applicant shall be determined with respect to the most recent employment of the applicant: Provided, That where an applicant whose most recent severance from employment was as a daily hire employee and whose number of qualifying days in covered employment is less than one month fails to satisfy those requirements for eligibility for benefits, then the applicant's eligibility for benefits shall be determined with respect to the applicant's most recent employment in which the applicant was not a daily hire employee: Amended by Act No. 9315, Dec. 31, 2008
The most recent covered employment of the applicant shall not be the only time the applicant has been in covered employment
The applicant shall never have received job-seeking benefits with respect to any severance from employment, other than the most recent instance.
If a person who has obtained recognition of eligibility for benefits, as prescribed in paragraph (2) (hereinafter referred to as "eligible recipient"), newly obtains recognition of eligibility for benefits during a period under Article 48 or 54 (1), job-seeking benefits shall be paid on the basis of the newly recognized eligibility for benefits.
Those who intend to apply for job-seeking benefits shall, upon severance from employment, report his or her unemployment, without delay, to an employment security office.
Reporting of unemployment done under paragraph (1) shall include application for job-seeking and recognition of eligibility for benefits prescribed in Article 43.
Where an insured status was forfeited in the previous covered business and a new insured status is acquired in the currently covered business within three years from the date of such forfeiture: The period of covered employment in the previous covered business shall be added up: Provided, That in cases of having received job-seeking benefits due to the forfeiture of insured status in the previous covered business, the period of covered employment in the previous covered business shall be excluded
The daily amount of job-seeking benefits shall be determined according to the following classification: Amended by Act No. 16557, Aug. 27, 2019
In cases falling under Article 45 (1) through (3), and (5), 60/100 of the eligible recipient's daily wage
In cases falling under Article 45 (4), 80/100 of the eligible recipient's daily wage (hereinafter referred to as "minimum daily amount of job-seeking benefits").
If an eligible recipient's daily amount of job-seeking benefits computed under paragraph (1) 1 is less than the minimum daily amount of job-seeking benefits, then the minimum daily amount of job-seeking benefits shall be the daily amount of job-seeking benefits payable to the eligible recipient.
Notwithstanding Article 44 (1), with respect to any days for which recognition of unemployment could not be obtained by an eligible recipient who has become temporarily unemployable due to illness, injury, or childbirth after reporting unemployment under Article 42, an amount equivalent to the eligible recipient's daily amount of job-seeking benefits prescribed in Article 46 (hereinafter referred to as "sickness benefits") may be paid upon request from the eligible recipient in lieu of job-seeking benefits: Provided, That no sickness benefits shall be paid for the period during which payment of job-seeking benefits is suspended under Article 60 (1) and (2).
The maximum number of days of sickness benefits payable to an eligible recipient shall be the eligible recipient's specified number of days of job-seeking benefits payable, less the number of days for which job-seeking benefits, in relation to the benefits for which the recipient is currently eligible, have already been paid. In such case, when applying the provisions of this Act (excluding Articles 61 and 62) to a recipient of sickness benefits paid, the amount of sickness benefits paid shall count toward the amount of job-seeking benefits paid.
Sickness benefits prescribed in paragraph (1) shall be paid on the date when job-seeking benefits are to be paid for the first time after the recipient has become employable (in the absence of such date, a date determined by the head of an employment security office): Provided, That if deemed necessary, such sickness benefits may be payable, as separately determined by the Minister of Employment and Labor. Amended by Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010
Notwithstanding paragraph (1), no sickness benefits shall be paid to an eligible recipient who is entitled to compensation for suspension of work prescribed in Article 79 of the Labor Standards Act, temporary disability compensation benefits prescribed in Articles 52 through 56 of the Industrial Accident Compensation Insurance Act, or other compensation or benefits prescribed by Presidential Decree equivalent to these compensation or benefits. Amended by Act No. 16269, Jan. 15, 2019
Articles 47, 49, 57, 61 (1) through (3), and 62 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the payment of sickness benefits. In such case, "period subject to recognition of unemployment" in Article 47 shall be construed as "days for which recognition of unemployment is not obtained".
Notwithstanding Article 44, job-seeking benefits shall not be payable for seven days regarded as waiting period beginning from the date an applicant reports on his or her unemployment pursuant to Article 42: Provided, That as for a person who is a daily hire worker in the construction industry at the time of his or her most recent severance from employment, job-seeking benefits shall be paid to him or her by calculating from the date he or she reports his or her unemployment pursuant to Article 42. Amended by Act No. 16269, Jan. 15, 2019
Any person who has received, or attempted to receive, unemployment benefits by fraud or other improper means shall be denied job-seeking benefits from the date when such person received, or attempted to receive, unemployment benefits: Provided, That the same shall not apply to subsequent eligibility for job-seeking benefits that may be approved after the severance from employment related to the denied benefits.
Notwithstanding the main sentence of paragraph (1), if fraud or other improper means constitute grounds prescribed by Presidential Decree, such as filing a false report or failing to file a report pursuant to Article 47 (1), job-seeking benefits shall be denied only for the relevant period subject to recognition of unemployment: Provided, That if such violations are committed on two or more occasions, the main sentence of paragraph (1) shall apply.
Where a person has received, or attempted to receive, unemployment benefits by fraud or other improper means are denied job-seeking benefits, as prescribed in paragraph (1) or (2), such person shall be considered to have received such job-seeking benefits for the purposes of applying Article 50 (3) and (4) thereto.
Where a person has received, or attempted to receive, unemployment benefits by fraud or other improper means are denied job-seeking benefits, as prescribed in paragraph (1) or (2), such person shall be considered to have received job-seeking benefits, including for the days for which benefits have been denied for the purposes of applying Article 63 (2) thereto.
The head of an employment security office may order a person who has received job-seeking benefits by fraud or other improper means to repay all or part of the benefits paid, and he or she may, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor, charge an additional amount not exceeding the full amount subject to repayment that such person has received by fraud or other improper means. Amended by Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010
If fraud or other improper means referred to in paragraph (1) involve any false report or certification by a business owner (including an agent or employee of, or any other person employed by the business owner), the business owner shall be jointly and severally liable with the eligible recipient of the improperly paid job-seeking benefits.
The head of an employment security office may recover the amount of job-seeking benefits erroneously paid to a current or former eligible recipient.
Any of the following shall be applicable to the insured employee:
An applicant for review or further review may designate any of the following persons as his or her agent in addition to a legal representative:
The spouse, a lineal ancestor or descendant, or a sibling of the applicant
An executive officer or employee, if the applicant is a corporation
An attorney-at-law or certified labor consultant
Any other person who has been permitted by the Board or Review prescribed in Article 99 to represent the applicant.
The Employment Insurance Appeal Committee (hereinafter referred to as the "Appeal Committee") shall be established in the Ministry of Employment and Labor to conduct further reviews, as prescribed in Article 87. Amended by Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010
The Appeal Committee shall be comprised of not more than 15 members, including at least one representative of employees and at least one representative of employers.
The members prescribed in paragraph (2) shall include two standing members.
None of the following persons shall be appointed as a member of the Appeal Committee: Amended by Act No. 13041, Jan. 20, 2015
A person under adult guardianship or under limited guardianship or a person declared bankrupt and not yet reinstated
A person for whom three years have not passed since the imprisonment without labor or a heavier punishment of such person declared by a court was completely executed or the non-execution of the sentence became final.
Where a non-public official member falls under any of the following cases, he or she may be removed from office: Amended by Act No. 16269, Jan. 15, 2019
Where he or she becomes unable to perform the duties due to a mental or physical disability
Where he or she engages in any misconduct in connection with the duties
Where he or she is deemed unsuitable as a member due to neglect of a duty, loss of dignity, or any other reason
Where he or she voluntarily admits that it is difficult to perform the duties.
Standing members shall neither join a political party nor become involved in politics.
The Appeal Committee shall make an adjudication within 50 days of receipt of a petition for further review, as prescribed in Article 87 (1). In such case, Article 89 (2) shall apply mutatis mutandis to extension of the time frame for adjudication.
A secretariat shall be established under the Appeal Committee.
Matters necessary for the organization, operation, etc. of the Appeal Committee and its secretariat shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
All requests for review shall be presented in writing, as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Upon completion of a review, an examiner shall either reverse all or part of the initial disposition or dismiss all or part of the request for review.
The other party to a request for further review shall be the head of the employment security office or the Workers' Compensation and Welfare Service that made the initial disposition. Amended by Act No. 16269, Jan. 15, 2019
A foreigner who qualifies as an eligible recipient pursuant to Article 5-2 of the Act, shall be any of the following persons who has filed for foreigner registration pursuant to Article 31 of the Immigration Act:
A person married to a national of the Republic of Korea, who falls under any of the following:
(a) Where the person in question or the person's spouse who is a national of the Republic of Korea, is pregnant
(b) Where the person rears any minor child who is a national of the Republic of Korea (including a person in a stepfather-stepchild relationship stepmother-stepchild relationship or adoptive relationship hereafter in this Article, the same shall apply)
(c) Where the person shares livelihood or dwells with his or her spouse's lineal ascendant who is a national of the Republic of Korea
A person who has been divorced from or bereaved of his or her spouse, who is a national of the Republic of Korea and either rears any minor child who is a national of the Republic of Korea, or is pregnant with a child of the deceased spouse.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23128, Sep. 8, 2011
Where an eligible recipient, etc. file an application for benefits pursuant to Article 21 (3) of the Act, the scope of financial information, credit information, and insurance information (hereinafter referred to as "financial information, etc") that the eligible recipient or his or her obligatory provider must consent to provide, shall be as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25659, Oct. 15, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 30124, Oct. 15, 2019
Financial information:
(a) Demand deposits, such as ordinary deposits, savings deposits, free savings deposits, and foreign currency deposits: An average balance over the last three or less months and total deposit amount
(b) Savings deposits, such as time deposits, installment deposits, and periodical savings: The balance or the total amount of deposits
(c) Stocks, beneficiary certificates, investment, investment shares, and real estate (pension) trusts: The final market price and in such cases, Article 54 (1) of the Enforcement Decree of the Inheritance Tax and Gift Tax Act shall apply mutatis mutandis to assessing the value of unlisted stocks
(d) Bonds, bills, checks, debt certificates, certificates of preemptive right to new stocks, and negotiable certificates of deposit: The face value
(e) Pension savings: The amount paid regularly, or the final balance
(f) Interest and dividends accruing from financial property specified in items (a) through (e), or discounts thereon
Credit information:
(a) Status of loans, and details of arrears
(b) Outstanding credit card balance
Insurance information:
(a) Insurance policy: The refund to be paid if the insurance is cancelled, or insurance proceeds paid within the last year
(b) Pension insurance: The refund to be paid if the pension insurance is cancelled, or the amount paid regularly.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23128, Sep. 8, 2011
The driver's license tests (excluding a test for Class I ordinary driver's license and a test for Class II ordinary driver's license) shall be held by the Road Traffic Authority established pursuant to Article 120 on any of the following matters according to the classification of driver's licenses under Article 80 (2): Provided, That the driver's licence tests prescribed by Presidential Decree shall be held by the commissioner of a district police agency or the Road Traffic Authority, as prescribed by Presidential Decree:
The aptitude needed to drive motor vehicles, etc.
The knowledge on statutes and regulations governing motor vehicles, etc. and road and traffic
The methods needed to manage motor vehicles, etc. and the art needed to check motor vehicles in order to ensure safe traffic
The skills needed to drive motor vehicles, etc.
Knowledge and skills needed for Eco-driving.
Tests for Class I ordinary drivers' licenses and tests for Class II ordinary drivers' licenses shall be held by the Road Traffic Authority in order to test abilities of the test applicant to drive motor vehicles on the road. In such cases, tests for Class I ordinary drivers' licenses shall be held for persons who have received Class I ordinary student licenses and tests for Class II ordinary drivers' licenses shall be held for persons who have received Class II ordinary student licenses, respectively.
A person ineligible to receive a driver's license pursuant to Article 82 may not apply for a driver's license test.
Any person who intends to apply for a driver's license test pursuant to paragraph (1) 2 and 3 shall receive traffic safety education provided for in Article 73 (1) or education of curricula in a driving school provided for in Article 104 (1) before he or she applies for such driver's license test.
Methods, procedures, and other necessary matters concerning the driver's license tests referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
No administrative litigation on any disposition taken pursuant to this Act shall be filed unless it has undergone an abjudication in an administrative trial.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
The driver of a motor vehicle, etc. shall carry his or her driver's license, etc. falling under any of the following subparagraphs when he or she drives a motor vehicle:
A driver's license, or international driver's license as provided for in Article 96 (1) and the operator's license for construction machinery as provided for in the Construction Machinery Management Act (hereinafter referred to as "driver's license, etc.")
A certificate falling under any of the following items in lieu of the driver's license, etc:
(a) A temporary driving certificate as provided for in Article 91
(b) A written notice pertaining to the payment of a penalty or a written summons as provided for in Article 138
(c) A written summons as provided for in Article 143 (1).
When a police officer requests a driver to produce his or her driver's license, etc. under paragraph (1) or a certificate in lieu thereof, or asks a question to confirm his or her identity or his or her driver's license for traffic safety or maintenance of traffic order, the driver shall comply with such request.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
When a person loses his or her driver's license or the driver's license is worn out, he or she may file an application with the commissioner of a district police agency for the re-issuance of a driver's license, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12844, Nov. 19, 2014 Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
When any of the following persons applies for the issuance of a temporary driving certificate, the commissioner of a district police agency may issue such temporary driving certificate to the applicant, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety: Provided, That in cases falling under subparagraph 2, the commissioner of a district police agency may issue the driver's license in which the matters prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety are entered in lieu of issuing the temporary driving certificate: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12844, Nov. 19, 2014 Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017
Where a person who obtains a driver's license files an application for the re-issuance of a driver's license pursuant to Article 86
Where a person applies for an aptitude test or the issuance of a renewed driver's license provided for in Article 87, or an occasional aptitude test provided for in Article 88
Where a person subject to a disposition of revocation or suspension of his or her driver's license provided for in Article 93 submits his or her driver's license.
Each temporary driving certificate referred to in paragraph (1) shall have the same effect as that of a driver's license during the period of its validity.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than one year or by a fine not exceeding three million won:
A person who has driven a motor vehicle without obtaining a driver's license (excluding a motorcycle driver's license hereafter the same shall apply in this Article) pursuant to Article 80 (including cases where the effect of the driver's license is suspended) or an international driver's license (including cases where the driving of any motor vehicle is prohibited and the effective period has expired) pursuant to Article 96, in violation of Article 43
Any employer, etc. who has caused any person who has no driver's license (including any person for whom the effect of his or her driver's license is suspended) to drive any motor vehicle, in violation of Article 56 (2)
A person who has received a driver's license or a certificate of a driver's license or any certificate in lieu of a driver's license by fraud or other improper means
A person who disposed of Articles on the road, which can impede the flow of traffic without permission therefor, in violation of Article 68 (2)
The head of any traffic safety educational institution who has caused any person who is not a traffic instructor to conduct the traffic safety education, in violation of Article 76 (4)
A person who has used any similar name, etc, in violation of Article 117.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
Any of the following persons shall be punished by a fine not exceeding 200,000 won, by misdemeanor imprisonment, or by a minor fine: Amended by Act No. 12045, Aug. 13, 2013 Act No. 12343, Jan. 28, 2014 Act No. 12917, Dec. 30, 2014 Act No. 13458, Aug. 11, 2015 Act No. 13829, Jan. 27, 2016 Act No. 14356, Dec. 2, 2016 Act No. 14911, Oct. 24, 2017 Act No. 15530, Mar. 27, 2018 Act No. 15807, Oct. 16, 2018
The driver of any motor vehicle or tram or the rider of any horse who has violated Article 5, 13 (1) through (3) (in cases falling under Article 13 (3), excluding a person who drives a motor vehicle intentionally violating it on an expressway, an exclusive road for motor vehicles, or a road with median strip), or (5), 14 (2), (3), or (5), 15 (3) (including where the provisions are applied mutatis mutandis in Article 61 (2)), 15-2 (3), 16 (2), 17 (3), 18, 19 (1), (3), or (4), 21 (1), (3), or (4), 24, 25 through 28, 32, 33, 34-3, 37 (excluding paragraph (1) 2), 38 (1), 39 (1), (3), (4), and (5), 48 (1), 49 (excluding a person who drives a motor vehicle or tram in violation of paragraph (1) 1 or 3 of the same Article and a person who drives a motor vehicle with a device installed on which to interfere with functions of traffic regulation equipment, of the offenses referred to in subparagraph 4 of the same paragraph), 50 (5) through (7), 51, 53 (1) or (2) (excluding a driver who fails to make children or infants fasten their seat belts), 62, or 73 (2) (excluding subparagraph 1 of the same paragraph)
The driver of any motor vehicle or tram who has violated any prohibition, restrictions, or measures provided for in Article 6 (1), (2), or (4), or 7
A person who has violated Article 22, 23, 29 (4) through (6), 53-2, 60, 64, 65, or 66
A person who has violated Article 31, 34, or 52 (4) or any order issued pursuant to Article 35 (1)
A person who has violated any restrictions imposed by the commissioner of a district police agency pursuant to Article 39 (6)
Any driver who has failed to fasten his or her safety belt or to wear a life protection outfit, in violation of Article 50 (1) or (3)
A person who has refused or interfered with collecting his or her driver's license by a police officer pursuant to Article 95 (2)
An operator who has operated a school bus for children without having a guardian aboard, in violation of Article 53 (3)
Any driver who has failed to verify whether children or infants alighted, in violation of Article 53 (4)
9-2. Any driver who has failed to operate child-check devices, in violation of Article 53 (5): Provided, That the same shall not apply where any device is out of service as it is temporarily uninstalled for inspection and repair
A person who has failed to provide personal information to a victim pursuant to Article 54 (1) 2, where it was evident that only a motor vehicle in the state of stoppage or parking was damaged
A person who has ridden a bicycle while intoxicated, in violation of Article 44 (1)
A person with reasonable grounds deemed that he or she is intoxicated, who has failed to comply with a breath test required by a police officer pursuant to Article 44 (2) (limited to a person who rides a bicycle).
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
A person who has failed to comply with the request of any police officer to produce his or her driver's license or to make a statement to identify a driver, in violation of Article 92 (2) shall be punished by a fine not exceeding 200,000 won or by misdemeanor imprisonment.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
A person who fails to take necessary measures provided for in Article 54 (1) when a traffic accident occurs (excluding persons who fail to provide personal information to a victim pursuant to Article 54 (1) 2, where it is evident that only a motor vehicle in the state of stoppage or parking is damaged), shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not exceeding 5 years or by a fine not exceeding 15 million won. Amended by Act No. 14356, Dec. 2, 2016
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
Where any traffic accident occurs, no one shall hinder measures taken by the driver, etc. or the making of the reporting under Article 54 (1) and (2).
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
A person who does not obtain his or her own driver's licence from the commissioner of a district police agency pursuant to Article 80 or a person who holds a driver's license, the effect of which is suspended, shall be prohibited from driving any motor vehicle.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
Where a person drives a motor vehicle, etc. in violation of Article 43 or 96 (3), one year (or six months where the driver intends to obtain a driver's license for a motorcycle and one year from the date of such violation in cases of violation of Article 46) from the date of such violation (where the driver's license is revoked on the grounds that the driver drives a motor vehicle in the period during which the effect of the driver's license is suspended, the date the driver's license is revoked hereafter in this Article, the same shall apply): Provided, That where the driver fails to take necessary measures under Article 54 (1) and to report under Article 54 (2) after killing or injuring any other person, five years from the date of such violation
Where a person drives a motor vehicle, etc. in violation of Article 43 or 96 (3) at least three times, two years from the date of such violation
In addition to driving while intoxicated under Article 44, the driver of any motor vehicle, etc. or tram shall be prohibited from driving a motor vehicle, etc. or tram in a state that makes it impracticable for him or her to drive a motor vehicle, etc. or tram normally due to the impact of overwork or sickness, or the influence of drugs (referring to narcotics, marijuana, psychotropic drugs, and others prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety hereinafter the same shall apply), or other reasons. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12844, Nov. 19, 2014 Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017 Act No. 15530, Mar. 27, 2018
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
When a person who has obtained a driver's license (excluding any student license hereafter in this Article, the same shall apply) falls under any of the following cases, the commissioner of a district police agency may revoke the driver's license (including the entire scope of drivers' licenses obtained by the driver hereafter in this Article, the same shall apply) or suspend the effect thereof by up to one year according to the standards set by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety: Provided, That when such person falls under subparagraph 2, 3, 7 through 9 (excluding where the regular aptitude test period has lapsed), 14, 16 through 18, or 20, his or her driver's license shall be revoked: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12844, Nov. 19, 2014 Act No. 12917, Dec. 30, 2014 Act No. 13458, Aug. 11, 2015 Act No. 13829, Jan. 27, 2016 Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017 Act No. 15530, Mar. 27, 2018 Act No. 16037, Dec. 24, 2018
When any person drives a motor vehicle, etc. while intoxicated, in violation of Article 44 (1)
When a person who has violated Article 44 (1) or the latter part of Article 44 (2) (limited to cases of driving a motor vehicle, etc. hereafter the same shall apply in this subparagraph and subparagraph 3), falls under the grounds for suspension of his or her driver's license for violating paragraph (1) of the same Article
When a person fails to comply with a request for a breath alcohol testing from any police officer although the person is unquestionably believed to be driving a motor vehicle while intoxicated, in violation of the latter part of Article 44 (2)
When a person drives a motor vehicle, etc. although the person is likely to be unable to drive a motor vehicle, etc. normally on the grounds of being under the influence of drugs, in violation of Article 45
When a person commits any dangerous collective conduct with others, in violation of Article 46 (1)
5-2. When a person recklessly drives a motor vehicle, in violation of Article 46-3
When a person fails to take necessary measures or to report pursuant to Article 54 (1) or (2) after killing or injuring any other person in a traffic accident
When a person is ineligible to obtain a driver's license pursuant to Article 82 (1) 2 through 5
When a person ineligible to obtain a driver's license pursuant to Article 82 obtains a driver's license by fraud or other improper means or is found to have been issued a driver's license or other certificate in lieu of a driver's license in the period during which the effect of his or her driver's license is suspended
When a person fails to take an aptitude test provided for in Article 87 (2) or 88 (1) or fails to pass such aptitude test
When a person deliberately or negligently causes a traffic accident while driving a motor vehicle, etc.
10-2. When a person who has obtained a driver's license commits an offense under Article 258-2, 261, 284, or 369 of the Criminal Act, by using a motor vehicle, etc.
When a person who has obtained a driver's license commits any of the following crimes, by using a motor vehicle, etc. as the tool or place of the relevant crime:
When a person steals or robs another person's motor vehicle, etc.
When a person applies for a driver's license test provided for in Article 83 in order to assist another person to illegally obtain a driver's license
When a person assaults any police officer, etc. or any Si/Gun public official engaging in traffic patrol pursuant to this Act
When a person lends his or her driver's license to any other person in order to enable the latter to drive a motor vehicle or uses the driver's license of any other person to drive a motor vehicle
When a person drives any motor vehicle unregistered pursuant to the Motor Vehicle Management Act or any motor vehicle (excluding any two-wheeled vehicle) for which a temporary driving permission is not obtained
When any ground for revoking a student license accrues before a person obtains a Class I or II ordinary driver's license
When the head of any relevant administrative agency requests for disposition to revoke or suspend a driver's license pursuant to other Acts
18-2. When a person drives a truck, in violation of Article 39 (1) or (4)
When a person violates this Act or any order issued or any disposition taken in accordance with this Act
When a person returns, of his or her own will, his or her drivers license to the commissioner of a district police agency for the lapse of the license: Provided, That this shall not apply where the said drivers license is subject to a disposition of revocation or suspension, or is in the period of suspension of its effect.
(a) Any crime under Articles 4 through 9 of the National Security Act, or the crime of fabricating, destroying or concealing any evidence under Article 12 of the same Act
(b) Any of the following crimes under the Criminal Act:
(i) Homicide, abandonment of a dead body, or arson
(ii) Robbery, rape, or an indecent act by compulsion
(iii) Kidnapping, abduction, or confinement
(iv) Habitual larceny (limited to cases of transporting stolen goods)
(v) Obstruction of traffic (limited to a violation by the threat of collective force)
The commissioner of a district police agency may give demerit points to a person who violates traffic laws and regulations, or who causes any traffic accident, according to the extent of the violation, the resulting damage, etc. as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety in order for such demerit points to be used as a basis for revoking drivers' licenses or suspending the effects of drivers' licenses pursuant to paragraph (1). Where such demerit points exceed a certain threshold during a period set by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety, the drivers' licenses may be revoked or suspended, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12844, Nov. 19, 2014 Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017
When a person who holds a student license causes any traffic accident by intention or negligence while driving a motor vehicle or violates this Act, or any order or disposition issued or taken pursuant to this Act, the commissioner of a district police agency shall revoke his or her student license: Provided, That the same shall not apply where the fault does not clearly lie with the person or in other cases prescribed by Presidential Decree.
When the commissioner of a district police agency intends to take a disposition to revoke or suspend a driver's license pursuant to paragraph (1) or (2) or intends to take a disposition to revoke a student license pursuant to paragraph (3), he or she shall pre-notify the party subject to the disposition of the terms of the disposition and a deadline for presenting his or her opinion, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety, and when the commissioner takes the disposition, he or she shall notify the party subject to the disposition of the grounds for such disposition and the period during which an administrative appeal may be filed, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety: Provided, That when the commissioner of a district police agency intends to revoke a driver's license due to the party's failure to undergo an aptitude test provided for in Article 87 (2) or 88 (1), he or she shall notify the party subject to the disposition of the fact that if he or she fails to undergo the aptitude test before the date until which he or she can undergo an aptitude test arrives, his or her driver's license shall be revoked in lieu of the notice served before or after the disposition, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12844, Nov. 19, 2014 Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
Simply Unconstitutional declared by the Constitutional Court in Case No. 2016-A-6: When a person steals another person's motor vehicle, etc. in Article 93 (1) 12 of the previous Road Traffic Act (as amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011 and before being amended by Act No. 13829, Jan. 27, 2016) violates the Constitution.
When a person drives a motor vehicle, etc. although the person is likely to be unable to drive a motor vehicle, etc. normally on the grounds of being under the influence of drugs, in violation of Article 45
Five years from the date the driver's license is revoked (where Article 43 or 96 (3) is violated simultaneously, referring to the date of such violation) in any of the following items:
Any driver of a motor vehicle or tram who has violated Article 49 (1) (only applicable to subparagraphs 1 and 3 of the same paragraph)
A person who drives a motor vehicle with a device installed to interfere with functions of traffic regulation equipment, in violation of Article 49 (1) 4
Any driver who has failed to require all passengers to fasten their seat belts, in violation of Article 50 (1)
Two years from the date the driver's license is revoked (where Article 43 or 96 (3) is violated simultaneously, referring to the date of such violation) in any of the following items:
A person who has not complied with or has rejected or impeded any request, any measure or any order of police officers pursuant to Article 41, 47, or 58
No driver shall impede motor vehicle or horse traffic by engaging in any quarrel, dispute, etc. while parking his or her motor vehicle, etc. or tram on the road
No driver shall generate any noise that damages other persons by performing any of the following acts without good cause:
No driver shall drive any motor vehicle in which passengers are engaged in any disorderly conduct including dancing, without restricting such conduct thereof to the extent that such conduct impedes the driving of the motor vehicle
No driver shall use a cell phone (including a car phone) while driving a motor vehicle, etc. or tram: Provided, That the same shall not apply in any of the following cases:
No image shall be displayed at a location visible to a driver while driving a motor vehicle, etc. or tram through a device that receives or plays visual media including broadcast (including devices portable by a driver hereinafter referred to as "video display terminal"): Provided, That the same shall not apply in any of the following cases:
In any of the following events, a motor vehicle driver shall temporarily stop his or her motor vehicle:
When a person commits any dangerous collective conduct with others, in violation of Article 46 (1)
The driver of any motor vehicle or tram shall slowly drive the motor vehicle or tram in any of the following places: Amended by Act No. 15530, Mar. 27, 2018
An intersection where traffic is not controlled
At the vicinity of a bend in the road
At the vicinity of the summit of a sloping road
The decline of a steeply sloping road
A place designated by safety signs by the commissioner of a district police agency after recognizing such place as being necessary to prevent danger on the road and ensure safe and smooth flow of traffic.
The driver of any motor vehicle or tram shall temporarily stop in any of the following places: Amended by Act No. 15530, Mar. 27, 2018
An intersection where traffic is not controlled, it is impossible to view the left and the right, or the traffic is heavy
A place designated by safety signs by the commissioner of a district police agency after recognizing such place as being necessary to prevent danger on the road and ensure safe and smooth flow of traffic.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
Each driver of a motor vehicle shall be prohibited from stopping or parking a motor vehicle in any of the following places: Provided, That the same shall not apply where the driver of a motor vehicle temporarily stops his or her motor vehicle to comply with this Act, any order issued under this Act, or instructions given by police officers, and to prevent danger: Amended by Act No. 15364, Feb. 9, 2018
An intersection, crosswalk, road crossing, or the sidewalk of a road divided into a sidewalk and a roadway (excluding any road parking area established across both a roadway and sidewalk)
A place located within five meters from the edge of an intersection or the corner of a road
A place located within 10 meters from any side of a safety zone on a road marked with a safety zone
A place located within 10 meters from where any pillar, board, or line indicating a bus stop is located or marked: Provided, That the same shall not apply where any bus driver stops or parks a bus in order for passengers to board or alight from the bus at any bus stop located along the service route during service hours
A place located within 10 meters from the edge of a road crossing or crosswalk
A place located within five meters from any of the following:
(a) A place in which a fire extinguishing water supply system or emergency fire-fighting equipment is installed pursuant to Article 10 of the Framework Act on Fire-Fighting Services
(b) A place in which the fire-fighting systems under Article 2 (1) 1 of the Act on Fire Prevention and Installation, Maintenance, and Safety Control of Fire-Fighting Systems, which are prescribed by Presidential Decree, are installed
A place designated by the commissioner of a district police agency as being necessary to prevent danger on the road and ensure the safety and the smooth flow of traffic of the road.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
Each driver of a motor vehicle shall be prohibited from parking a motor vehicle in any of the following places:
The inside of a tunnel and on a bridge
A place located within five meters from any of the following:
(a) Where any road works are under way, both edges of the working area
(b) A place designated by the commissioner of a district police agency at the request of the head of the competent fire headquarters, among buildings to which the place of business of any publicly used establishment under the Special Act on the Safety Control of Publicly Used Establishments belongs
A place designated by the commissioner of a district police agency as being necessary to prevent danger on the road and ensure safe and smooth flow of traffic.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 15364, Feb. 9, 2018
When a driver of any motor vehicle intends to stop or park a motor vehicle on a road or road-side parking area, he or she shall stop the motor vehicle on the right-hand edge of the roadway and observe ways to stop and park the motor vehicle, the timing and prohibited matters, etc. prescribed by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
Where a driver leaves any motor vehicle or tram, he or she shall take measures necessary to prevent any traffic accident and prevent any other person from driving the motor vehicle or tram without the driver's consent
No driver shall open the doors of his or her motor vehicle or tram or get off the motor vehicle or tram without verifying the safety of the motor vehicle or tram or persons and shall take measures necessary to prevent his or her passengers from causing any danger to traffic
Methods, etc. for motor vehicles or pedestrians to cross on expressways or exclusive roads for motor vehicles (hereinafter referred to as "expressways, etc.") shall be governed by this Chapter, and matters other than those prescribed in this Chapter shall be governed by Chapters I through IV.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
The driver of every motor vehicle shall drive his or her motor vehicle along lanes prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety, except where prevented from doing so due to inevitable reasons, such as the breakdown of his or her motor vehicle on the expressway, etc. and other inevitable circumstances, and shall not drive his or her motor vehicle on the roadside (referring to the shoulder provided for in the Road Act): Provided, That the same shall not apply where any emergency motor vehicle is driven and any motor vehicle used to repair and maintain, etc. the expressway, etc. is driven. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12844, Nov. 19, 2014 Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017
When intending to overtake any other motor vehicle on the expressway, the driver of any motor vehicle shall safely drive the motor vehicle along a lane prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety by using direction indicators, lights, or horn. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12844, Nov. 19, 2014 Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
The driver of any motor vehicle shall not cross an expressway, etc., making a U-turn, or moving in reverse on an expressway while driving a motor vehicle on the expressway: Provided, That the same shall not apply to any motor vehicle that is used to take emergency measures aimed at preventing and removing danger on an expressway and taking and performing emergency measures and the work relating to any traffic accident on the expressway among emergency motor vehicles or motor vehicles to perform the work of repair and maintenance, etc. of the road.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
The driver of any motor vehicle shall not park or stop a motor vehicle on any expressway, etc.: Provided, That the same shall not apply to cases falling under any of the following subparagraphs:
Where the driver temporarily stops or parks a motor vehicle in compliance with the provisions of statutes and regulations or instructions given by police officers (excluding any autonomous police officer) or in order to prevent any danger
Where the driver stops or parks a motor vehicle in a place where safety signs are erected in order to permit motor vehicles to stop or park, or in the depot
Where the driver stops or parks a motor vehicle on the edge area of a road (including the roadside) due to breakdown or other inevitable reasons
Where the driver stops a motor vehicle to pay a toll at a tollgate
Where the manager of a road stops or parks a motor vehicle in order to repair, maintain or patrol the expressway, etc.
Where any police emergency motor vehicle stops or parks a motor vehicle in order to investigate any crime, regulate the traffic and perform other police duties
Where the driver temporarily stops or parks a motor vehicle on an expressway, etc. when the driver cannot drive the motor vehicle due to traffic congestion or other inevitable reasons.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
When the driver of any motor vehicle is unable to drive a motor vehicle due to breakdown or inevitability on an expressway, etc., the driver shall display a sign (hereinafter referred to as "vehicle break-down sign") prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety and then take measures to relocate his or her motor vehicle to a place out of the expressway, etc. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12844, Nov. 19, 2014 Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
Where the representative of a corporation, or an agent or employee of, or other persons employed by, a corporation or an individual commits any violations described in Articles 148, 148-2, 149 through 157 in connection with the business affairs of the corporation or the individual, the corporation or individual shall, in addition to punishing the violators accordingly, be subject to a fine or minor fine prescribed in the relevant Article: Provided, That this shall not apply to cases where such corporation or individual has not been negligent in giving due attention and supervision concerning the relevant business affairs to prevent such violations.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
Where the driver of any motor vehicle or tram damages the building or goods of any other person due to negligent disregard or gross negligence, he or she shall be punished by imprisonment without labor for not more than two years or by a fine not exceeding five million won. Amended by Act No. 15530, Mar. 27, 2018
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
A person who has caused another person to drive any poorly repaired motor vehicle or has driven any poorly repaired motor vehicle, in violation of Article 40
A person who manufactures, imports, sells, or installs a device interfering with functions of traffic regulation equipment for the purpose of avoiding traffic regulation, in violation of Article 46-2
A person who has impeded the act of making a report or taking measures when any traffic accident occurs, in violation of Article 55
A person who has installed traffic safety facilities or other artificial structures similar thereto without permission therefor, in violation of Article 68 (1)
Any employer who has caused any other person who has not obtained a motorcycle driver's license, to drive a motorcycle, in violation of Article 56 (2)
"Violation of regulations" in this Chapter means the act of violation falling under any subparagraph of Article 156 or any subparagraph of Article 157. The specific scope shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
"Violator" in this Chapter means a person who commits a violation and falls under any of the following subparagraphs:
A driver who fails to produce his or her driver's license, etc. or a certificate in lieu thereof, or to answer a question of a police officer about his or her identity and the confirmation of his or her driver's license pursuant to Article 92 (1) at the time he or she commits a violation
A person who causes any traffic accident by violating regulations: Provided, That a person who is not subject to punishment for negligence in the conduct of business resulting in injury or death or gross negligence resulting in injury or death as provided for in Articles 3 (2) and 4 of the Act on Special Cases concerning the Settlement of Traffic Accidents, or a person who is exempted from the punishment provided for in Article 151 of this Act, shall be excluded.
"Penalty" in this Chapter means the amount that a violator must pay to the National Treasury or the depository of the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province in compliance with a notification disposition provided for in Article 163 and the amount of penalties shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree according to nature of the violation and the type of motor vehicle, etc. involved.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
Where it is impracticable to issue a written notice provided for in Article 143 (1) because the driver who has performed the violation cannot be identified (limited to where he or she violates Article 15 (3), 29 (4) or (5), 32, 33, or 34)
Administrative fines provided for in Article 160 (1) through (3) shall be imposed and collected by the following persons, as prescribed by Presidential Decree: Amended by Act No. 12343, Jan. 28, 2014 Act No. 13829, Jan. 27, 2016 Act No. 15530, Mar. 27, 2018
Administrative fines provided for in Article 160 (1) through (3) (excluding where the traffic of exclusive lanes provided for in Article 15 (3), the stopping or parking of motor vehicles provided for in Articles 32 through 34, safety education regarding school buses for children provided for in Article 53-3 (1), or obligation of operators of school buses for children provided for in Article 53-3 (3) is violated): The commissioner of a district police agency
Administrative fines provided for in Article 160 (1) (limited to where Article 52 (1) is violated), (2) (limited to where any of Articles 49 (1) 1 and 3, 50 (1) and (3), 52 (2), 53 (2), and 53-3 (1) and (3) is violated), or (3) (limited to where any of Articles 5, 13 (3), 15 (3), 17 (3), 29 (4) and (5), and 32 through 34 is violated): Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Governor
Administrative fines provided for in Article 160 (2) 4-3 and 4-4, and (3) (limited to where any of Articles 15 (3), 29 (4) and (5), and 32 through 34 is violated): Mayors, etc.
Administrative fines provided for in Article 160 (2) 4-3 or 4-4: The superintendent of an office of education.
The commissioner of a district police agency may partially entrust affairs related to the collection of administrative fines under this Act, to the Korea Asset Management Corporation established under the Act on the Efficient Disposal of Non-Performing Assets of Financial Companies and the Establishment of Korea Asset Management Corporation, as prescribed by Presidential Decree. Newly Inserted by Act No. 13829, Jan. 27, 2016
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
When driving a motor vehicle on any water puddle, no driver shall cause harm to other persons by splashing those persons with muddy water
With respect to a person deemed a violator, the chief of a police station or the Governor of the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province (in cases of the Governor of the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province, the act of violation provided for in Articles 15 (3), 39 (6), 60, 62, 64 through 66, 73 (2) 2 through 4, and 95 (1) which are applied mutatis mutandis pursuant to Articles 6 (1) and (2), and 61 (2) shall be excluded) may notify him or her of the payment of his or her penalty amount in the penalty payment notification clearly indicating the grounds for imposition of such penalty: Provided, That the same shall not apply to any of the following persons: Amended by Act No. 12917, Dec. 30, 2014 Act No. 14911, Oct. 24, 2017
A person whose name or domicile is unidentified
A person who is likely to abscond
A person who refuses to receive a penalty payment notification.
Where the Governor of the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province takes a disposition to serve the notification pursuant to paragraph (1), he or she shall notify the chief of the relevant police station thereof.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
Pedestrians who walk roads, drivers of motor vehicles or trams, and riders of horses that move along roads shall observe signals and instructions conveyed and given by traffic safety facilities and any of the following persons: Amended by Act No. 13425, Jul. 24, 2015 Act No. 15530, Mar. 27, 2018
State police officers who direct traffic (including conscripted police officers hereinafter the same shall apply) and the autonomous police officers of the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province (hereinafter referred to as "autonomous police officers")
Persons who assist the State or autonomous police officers (hereinafter referred to as "police officers") prescribed by Presidential Decree (hereinafter referred to as "police assistants").
Where signals and instructions conveyed by traffic safety facilities referred to in paragraph (1) are different from those given by State police officers, autonomous police officers, or police assistants (hereinafter referred to as "police officers, etc.") who direct traffic, pedestrians who walk the road, drivers of motor vehicles or trams, and riders of horses that pass along the road shall follow such signals and directions given by police officers, etc. Amended by Act No. 15530, Mar. 27, 2018
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
A person who obtains a driver's license from the authoritative institution of any foreign country according to any of the following Convention, Agreement, or Arrangement (hereinafter referred to as "international driver's license") may drive a motor vehicle using such international driver's license only for the period of one year from the date on which that person enters the Republic of Korea, notwithstanding Article 80 (1). In such cases, the types of motor vehicles that person may drive shall be limited to the types of motor vehicles that are entered in the international driver's license: Amended by Act No. 14911, Oct. 24, 2017
The Convention on Road Traffic concluded in Geneva in 1949
The Convention on Road Traffic concluded in Vienna in 1968
A Convention, Agreement, or Arrangement on the mutual recognition of international drivers licenses between the Republic of Korea and a foreign country.
A person who is issued with an international driver's license in any foreign country shall be prohibited from driving any commercial motor vehicle as provided for in the Passenger Transport Service Act or the Trucking Transport Business Act: Provided, That the same shall not apply to cases where that person rents any rental motor vehicle provided for in the Passenger Transport Service Act to drive such vehicle.
A person falling under the grounds for disqualification from holding a driver's license provided for in Article 82 (2) and for whom the period that is classified in any subparagraph of the same paragraph has not elapsed shall not drive any motor vehicle, notwithstanding paragraph (1).
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
The term "motorcycle" means any of the following:
A student license shall be effective for one year from the date on which such student license is obtained: Provided, That where a person who has obtained a student license obtains a Class I driver's license or a Class II driver's license, such student license shall become ineffective even if one year has elapsed from the date such license has been issued.
A person who has driven a motor vehicle without obtaining a driver's license (excluding a motorcycle driver's license hereafter the same shall apply in this Article) pursuant to Article 80 (including cases where the effect of the driver's license is suspended) or an international driver's license (including cases where the driving of any motor vehicle is prohibited and the effective period has expired) pursuant to Article 96, in violation of Article 43
A person who has driven a motorcycle without obtaining a motorcycle driver's license provided for in Article 80, in violation of Article 43
Where a person drives a motor vehicle, etc. in violation of Article 43 or 96 (3), one year (or six months where the driver intends to obtain a driver's license for a motorcycle and one year from the date of such violation in cases of violation of Article 46) from the date of such violation (where the driver's license is revoked on the grounds that the driver drives a motor vehicle in the period during which the effect of the driver's license is suspended, the date the driver's license is revoked hereafter in this Article, the same shall apply): Provided, That where the driver fails to take necessary measures under Article 54 (1) and to report under Article 54 (2) after killing or injuring any other person, five years from the date of such violation
Where a person drives a motor vehicle, etc. in violation of Article 43 or 96 (3), one year (or six months where the driver intends to obtain a driver's license for a motorcycle and one year from the date of such violation in cases of violation of Article 46) from the date of such violation (where the driver's license is revoked on the grounds that the driver drives a motor vehicle in the period during which the effect of the driver's license is suspended, the date the driver's license is revoked hereafter in this Article, the same shall apply): Provided, That where the driver fails to take necessary measures under Article 54 (1) and to report under Article 54 (2) after killing or injuring any other person, five years from the date of such violation
Where a person drives a motor vehicle, etc. in violation of Article 43 or 96 (3) at least three times, two years from the date of such violation
Where the driver's license of a person is revoked on grounds, other than cases specified in subparagraphs 1 through 6, one year (or six months where he or she intends to obtain a deriver's license for a motorcycle and one year from the date the driver's license is revoked in violation of Article 46) from the date the driver's license is revoked: Provided, That the same shall not apply where any person whose driver's license is revoked on any ground specified in Article 93 (1) 9 or any person with a Class I driver's license reattempts to obtain a Class II driver's license after failing to pass the aptitude test
Each person who intends to establish and operate a driving school (hereinafter referred to as "driving school") shall have the driving school registered with the commissioner of a district police agency, as prescribed by Presidential Decree, after meeting necessary conditions, such as facilities, equipment, etc. provided for in Article 101, the fixed number of instructors and the standards for their allocation to classes provided for in Article 103. The same shall apply where such person intends to change any of the registered matters prescribed by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
No person who fails to have his or her driving school registered pursuant to Article 99 shall perform any of the following acts in return for payment:
Driving education of motor vehicles, etc. conducted outside a driving school, etc., or conducted in a driving school, etc., after borrowing the name of a driving school, etc.
Installing facilities to practice driving a motor vehicle, etc. and soliciting people to make use of such facilities.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
A person who has lost the parts under the elbow joints of both arms or the person who is unable to use both arms: Provided, That the same shall not apply where a person can normally drive a motor vehicle manufactured to meet the needs of that person's physical handicap
When that person is subject to disposition of revocation of his or her driver's license
The term "novice driver" means a person for whom two years have yet to lapse from the date he or she obtains his or her driver's license (where he or she is subject to a disposition to revoke his or her driver's license before two years lapse from the date he or she has obtained his or her driver's license, this refers to the date he or she subsequently re-obtains his or her driver's license). In such cases, where a person who only obtains a motorcycle driver's license obtains a driver's license, other than a motorcycle driver's license, it shall be deemed his or her first drivers license
The term "school bus for children" means a motor vehicle used for transport, etc. of children to and from an establishment for education of children (referring to persons younger than 13 years old hereinafter the same shall apply) among the following establishments, and a motor vehicle for passenger transport business operated for children as its passengers after obtaining a restricted license for the passenger transport business under Article 4 (3) of the Passenger Transport Service Act:
The driver of any motor vehicle or tram or the rider of any horse who has violated Article 5, 13 (1) through (3) (in cases falling under Article 13 (3), excluding a person who drives a motor vehicle intentionally violating it on an expressway, an exclusive road for motor vehicles, or a road with median strip), or (5), 14 (2), (3), or (5), 15 (3) (including where the provisions are applied mutatis mutandis in Article 61 (2)), 15-2 (3), 16 (2), 17 (3), 18, 19 (1), (3), or (4), 21 (1), (3), or (4), 24, 25 through 28, 32, 33, 34-3, 37 (excluding paragraph (1) 2), 38 (1), 39 (1), (3), (4), and (5), 48 (1), 49 (excluding a person who drives a motor vehicle or tram in violation of paragraph (1) 1 or 3 of the same Article and a person who drives a motor vehicle with a device installed on which to interfere with functions of traffic regulation equipment, of the offenses referred to in subparagraph 4 of the same paragraph), 50 (5) through (7), 51, 53 (1) or (2) (excluding a driver who fails to make children or infants fasten their seat belts), 62, or 73 (2) (excluding subparagraph 1 of the same paragraph)
Each driver of any school bus for children shall operate warning lamps, etc. provided for in Article 51 (1) only where children or infants board and alight from such school bus and shall make the indication provided for in Article 51 (3) only where such school bus is traveling with children and infants on board. Amended by Act No. 12917, Dec. 30, 2014
Each driver of any school bus for children shall start driving the school bus after checking that all the children or infants on board have fastened their seat belts (referring to safety belts that can be adjusted to fit to the physical structures of children or infants hereafter in this Article, subparagraph 1 of Article 156, and Article 160 (2) 4-2, the same shall apply) and shall, when they alight from the school bus, start driving it after confirming they have arrived at a place safe from motor vehicles, including the sidewalk or roadside area: Provided, That the same shall not apply where it is difficult to fasten a seat belt due to an illness, etc. or due to any ground prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety, in connection with the fastening of the seat belt. Amended by Act No. 12343, Jan. 28, 2014 Act No. 12844, Nov. 19, 2014 Act No. 12917, Dec. 30, 2014 Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017 Act No. 15530, Mar. 27, 2018
Each operator of any school bus for children shall arrange for any of the following guardians to board the school bus with children or infants aboard, and the guardian aboard shall, when the children or infants get in or get out of the school bus, take measures necessary for the protection of children, such as getting off the school bus to confirm the safe boarding and alighting of the children or infants and ensuring that children or infants are seated with their seat belts fastened during the operation of the motor vehicle: Amended by Act No. 12343, Jan. 28, 2014 Act No. 12917, Dec. 30, 2014
A teacher of any kindergarten provided for in the Early Childhood Education Act and any elementary school or any special school provided for in the Elementary and Secondary Education Act
A nursery teacher provided for in subparagraph 5 of Article 2 of the Child Care Act
An instructor provided for in Article 13 (1) of the Act on the Establishment and Operation of Private Teaching Institutes and Extracurricular Lessons
A person who works for any sports facilities provided for in the Installation and Utilization of Sports Facilities Act
A person nominated by the operator of any school bus for children.
After the driver of a school bus for children finishes driving the relevant school bus for children, he or she shall check whether all the children or infants have alighted therefrom. Newly Inserted by Act No. 14356, Dec. 2, 2016
When each driver of any school bus for children checks whether all the children or infants have alighted from such school bus pursuant to paragraph (4), he or she shall operate a device to check whether no child or infant is on board (hereinafter referred to as "child-check device"). Newly Inserted by Act No. 15807, Oct. 16, 2018
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10790, Jun. 8, 2011
A person who has violated Article 22, 23, 29 (4) through (6), 53-2, 60, 64, 65, or 66
An operator who has operated a school bus for children without having a guardian aboard, in violation of Article 53 (3)
The chief of a police station or Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Governor shall issue or dispatch to a person who falls under Article 165 (1) 1 of the Act (hereinafter referred to as "person subject to summary trial at the scene") a summons for summary trial, informing him or her of the date, time, venue, etc. at which he or she shall make an appearance for a summary trial, at least ten days before the trial date. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28055, May 29, 2017
If it is impracticable to proceed with a summary trial because a person subject to summary trial at the scene fails to appear on the summary trial date, the chief of the police station or Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Governor shall dispatch a peremptory notice of demand for appearance for summary trial, informing him or her of the reset date, time, venue, etc. at which he or she shall make an appearance for a summary trial, at least ten days before the trial date reset. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28055, May 29, 2017
If it becomes impracticable to proceed with the summary trial any further because the person subject to summary trial at the scene fails to appear, even after dispatching a peremptory notice of demand for appearance for summary trial in accordance with paragraph (2), the chief of the police station may suspend the validity of the driver's license held by the relevant person temporarily pursuant to Article 93 of the Act.
The chief of a police station or Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Governor, who intends to request a summary trial pursuant to Article 165 (1) of the Act, shall prepare a request for summary trial, and shall submit it to the competent court. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28055, May 29, 2017
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
The term "overseas Korean" in this Act means a person who falls under any of the following subparagraphs:
A national of the Republic of Korea who has acquired the right of permanent residence in a foreign country or is residing in a foreign country with a view to living there permanently (hereinafter referred to as a "Korean national residing abroad")
A person prescribed by Presidential Decree from among those who, having held the nationality of the Republic of Korea (including those who had emigrated abroad before the Government of the Republic of Korea was established) or as their lineal descendants, have acquired the nationality of a foreign country (hereinafter referred to as a "foreign nationality Korean").
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8896, Mar. 14, 2008
A person who intends to enter middle school shall submit an allocation form for a middle school to a committee for management of middle school admission sortition to which the elementary school from which he or she graduated belongs: Provided, That where he or she falls under any of the following subparagraphs, it shall be submitted to the head of the district office of education concerned:
Residents of middle school districts: The head of the district office of education having jurisdiction over their places of residence
Graduates from elementary school whose places of residence have been moved and who fall under any of subparagraphs of Article 96: The head of the district office of education having jurisdiction over an elementary school which makes their places of residence a school district.
The head of the district office of education shall allocate schools for applicants for admission to middle schools to enter through sortition according to districts and school groups, and for districts which are extremely distant and lack traffic facilities for students to go to school, he or she shall allocate schools to be entered according to the middle school districts set by the superintendent of education.
Where middle schools are allocated through sortition, applicants for admission to middle schools located in districts determined and publicly notified by the superintendent of education may select and apply for at least two schools according to methods and procedures determined by the superintendent of education, and the head of the district office of education may allocate all or part of the fixed number of the relevant school through sortition from among those applicants for admission.
The districts, school groups, middle school districts, and sortition methods referred to in paragraph (1) shall be determined by the superintendent of education through a resolution of the City/Do council. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25961, Jan. 6, 2015
Where the superintendent of education determines districts, etc. pursuant to paragraph (3), he or she shall publicly notify such fact.
The purpose of this Act is to contribute to the protection of employees by compensating them promptly and fairly for any occupational accident through the industrial accident compensation insurance business, by establishing and operating insurance facilities necessary to facilitate the rehabilitation of employees suffering from occupational accidents and their return to society, and by carrying out accident prevention projects and employees' welfare projects, etc.
This Act shall apply to every business or workplace that employs employees (hereinafter referred to as "business"): Provided, That this Act shall not apply to business prescribed by Presidential Decree in consideration of their risk rates, sizes, places, etc.
The terms used in this Act shall be defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 9988, Jan. 27, 2010 Act No. 10305, May 20, 2010 Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010 Act No. 11569, Dec. 18, 2012 Act No. 14933, Oct. 24, 2017 Act No. 15665, Jun. 12, 2018
The term "occupational accident" means any injury, disease, disability or death of an employee which is caused by an occupational reason
The terms "employee", "wage", "average wage", and "ordinary wage" mean such "employee", "wage", "average wage", and "ordinary wage", respectively as defined in the Labor Standards Act: Provided, That where it is deemed difficult to determine a "wage" or "average wage" pursuant to the Labor Standards Act, the amount determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Employment and Labor shall be the relevant "wage" or "average wage"
The term "survivor" means a spouse (including a person who is in a de facto marital relationship the same shall apply hereinafter), children, parent, grandchild, grandparent, brother, or sister of the deceased person
The term "cure" means reaching a state in which an injury or disease has been completely cured or there are no further expected effects of treatment with its symptoms remaining unchanged
The term "disability" means a state in which an injury or disease has been cured, but the ability to work has been lost or diminished due to mental or physical damage
The term "invalidity" means a state in which the ability to work has been lost or diminished due to mental or physical damage caused by an occupational injury or disease, which remains uncured
The term "pneumoconiosis" means a lung disease, the main symptom of which is fibroplastic proliferation caused by the inhalation of dust particles
The term "commuting" means a movement between a residence and a place of employment or from one place of employment to another place of employment in relation with employment.
Medical care benefits shall be paid to any employee who suffers from an injury or disease caused by reason of his or her duties.
The medical care benefits referred to in paragraph (1) shall be given in the form of the medical care at an industrial accident insurance-related medical institution pursuant to Article 43 (1): Provided, That medical care expenses may be paid in lieu of the medical care in extenuating circumstances.
In cases of paragraph (1), if an injury or disease is to be cured through medical care within three days, no medical care benefits shall be paid.
The scope of the medical care benefits referred to in paragraph (1) shall be as follows: Amended by Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010
Medical examination and checkup
Provision of medicines or treatment materials, artificial limbs, and other prosthetic devices
Treatment, operation, and other medical care
Rehabilitative treatment
Hospitalization
Nursing and patient care
Transfer
Other matters determined by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor.
The standard for calculating the medical care benefits referred to in paragraphs (2) and (4), such as the scope and expenses thereof, etc., shall be determined by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor. Amended by Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010
Where the industrial accident insurance-related medical institution at which an employee suffering from an occupational accident is to receive medical care, is a tertiary care hospital referred to in Article 43 (1) 2, there shall be a medical opinion that the employee needs to receive medical care at a tertiary care hospital, except where the employee is an emergency patient as prescribed in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Emergency Medical Service Act or except in extenuating grounds. Amended by Act No. 10305, May 20, 2010
Where an employee receiving medical care due to an occupational accident falls under any of the following subparagraphs, he or she may apply for medical care benefits for an additional injury or disease (hereinafter referred to as "additional injury or disease"):
Where medical care is needed as an injury or a disease which has arisen from the occupational accident has been further diagnosed
Where medical care is needed as a new disease occurs as a result of an injury or a disease which has arisen from the occupational accident.
Extinctive prescription under Article 112 shall be interrupted by a request filed under Article 36 (2). In such cases, where the request is the first request requiring a judgment on whether the case concerns an occupational accident prescribed in subparagraph 1 of Article 5, the interruption of prescription resulting from the request shall affect the other insurance benefits referred to in Article 36 (1).
No public charges of the State or local governments shall be imposed on any money or valuables offered as insurance benefits.
Temporary layoff benefits shall be paid to any employee who suffers an occupational injury or disease for a period during which the employee is unable to work for receiving medical care, and the daily amount of temporary layoff benefits shall be an amount equivalent to 70/100 of his or her average wage: Provided, That where the period of not being able to work is three days or less, such benefits shall not be paid.
If a beneficiary of insurance benefits dies and there remains any insurance benefits payable, but not yet paid, to the beneficiary, such insurance benefits shall be paid upon a claim filed by any of his or her survivors (in cases of survivors' benefits, other survivors entitled to such benefits).
In the case of paragraph (1), if the beneficiary fails to claim his or her insurance benefits prior to his or her death, the insurance benefits shall be paid upon a claim filed by any of his or her survivors as prescribed by the said paragraph.
The Service may allow any person who is likely to be placed under additional medical care due to the development of a complication, etc., among persons who their occupational injuries or diseases have been cured, to receive treatment necessary for the prevention thereof at an industrial accident insurance-related medical institution. Amended by Act No. 15665, Jun. 12, 2018
The detailed matters necessary for preventive measures under paragraph (1), such as the subjects and details of treatment and the standards for calculating treatment costs, shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree. Newly Inserted by Act No. 15665, Jun. 12, 2018
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9988, Jan. 27, 2010
Where a requester for examination or reexamination dies, if he or she is a beneficiary of insurance benefits, his or her status shall be succeeded by his or her survivors as prescribed in Article 62 (1) or 81, and, if not, by his or her heirs or heiresses or a person who has succeeded to the right or interest related to the insurance benefits which are the subject matter of the request for examination or reexamination.
"Any of the grounds as prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the proviso to Article 37 (2) of the Act refers to a case falling under any of the following:
Where a person who received or is receiving medical treatment for mental illness arising from a work-related ground does self-harm in a state of mental disorder
Where a person who is receiving medical care due to an occupational accident does self-harm in a state of mental disorder caused by the occupational accident
Other cases where the fact that self-harm is done in a state of mental disorder due to a work-related ground is medically recognized.
Article 65 (1), (2) and (4) of the Act shall apply mutatis mutandis to decisions on beneficiaries of any unpaid insurance benefits as prescribed in Article 81 of the Act.
Articles 97, 98, 101, 103 and 104 shall apply mutatis mutandis with regard to the correction and dismissal of requests for reexamination, suspension of execution of decisions, etc. on insurance benefits, methods of ruling, investigation for deliberation, payment of actual expenses, etc. In such cases, "request for examination" shall be construed as "request for reexamination", "person filing the request for examination" as "person filing the request for reexamination", "Service" as "Reexamination Committee", "affiliated agency of the Service" as "Service", "decision on a request for examination" as "ruling on a request for reexamination", and "written decision on examination" as "written ruling" "person filing the request for examination" in Article 101 (3) as "Service and the person filing the request for reexamination" and "request for examination or reexamination" in paragraph (4) of the same Article as "administrative litigation", respectively.
"Business prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the proviso to Article 6 of the Industrial Accident Compensation Insurance Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Act") means any of the following business or workplaces (hereinafter referred to as "business"): Amended by Presidential Decree No. 20966, Aug. 7, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 22101, Mar. 26, 2010 Presidential Decree No. 26196, Apr. 14, 2015 Presidential Decree No. 29180, Sep. 18, 2018
Business eligible for cover under an accident compensation scheme pursuant to the Public Officials Accident Compensation Act or the Military Pension Act: Provided, That this shall exclude cases where provisions concerning survivors benefits for a public official who died in the line of duty or survivors benefits for a public official who died in the line of dangerous duty pursuant to Article 60 of the Public Officials Accident Compensation Act apply
Business eligible for cover under an accident compensation scheme pursuant to the Seafarers' Act, the Act on Accident Compensation Insurance for Fishers and Fishing Vessels, or the Pension for Private School Teachers and Staff Act
Deleted by Presidential Decree No. 28506, Dec. 26, 2017
Employment activities within households
Deleted by Presidential Decree No. 28506, Dec. 26, 2017
Business run by a person other than a corporation among agricultural, forestry (excluding logging industry), fishery, or hunting business, whose regular workforce is less than five.
Except as otherwise provided in this Decree, the scope of the business referred to in the subparagraphs of paragraph (1) shall be subject to the Korean Standard Industrial Classification Table published by the Commissioner of the Statistics Korea under the Statistics Act (hereinafter referred to as the Korean Standard Industrial Classification Table). Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28506, Dec. 26, 2017
Deleted. by Presidential Decree No. 28506, Dec. 26, 2017
A public health center that meets the requirements for hospitals referred to in Article 3 (2) 3 (a) of the Medical Service Act, may use public health clinic in its title.
A local government may establish a branch of a public health center (hereinafter referred to as public health unit) in compliance with the standard prescribed by Presidential Decree, pursuant to the ordinance of the local government, if necessary for the public health center to provide its services.
When the Service has decided to collect any unjust gains as prescribed in Article 84 of the Act, it shall promptly notify the person liable for the payment that he or she should pay such amount.
A person who receives the notification under paragraph (1) shall pay the amount within 30 days after receiving the notification.
A person who intends to receive partially temporary disability compensation benefits shall file a claim with the Service with the documents prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor attached thereto. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22269, Jul. 12, 2010
Upon receipt of the claim referred to in paragraph (1), the Service shall decide whether to make the payment after taking into consideration the employee's state of injury or disease, job duties, working hours, etc., and inform the employee of the decision.
An appeals suit shall be classified as follows:
Revocation suit: It means a suit instituted to revoke or alter an illegal disposition, etc. by an administrative agency
Suit seeking confirmation of nullity, etc.: It means a suit instituted to seek the confirmation of effectiveness or existence of a disposition, etc. by an administrative agency
Suit seeking confirmation of illegality of an omission: It means a suit instituted to confirm the illegality of an omission by an administrative agency.
A revocation suit may be instituted by a person having legal interests to seek the revocation of a disposition, etc. The same shall also apply to a person with legal interests to be restored by the revocation of a disposition even after the effect of such a disposition, etc. expires upon the lapse of period, the execution of the disposition, etc. and other causes.
Except as otherwise provided for in other Acts, the defendant to a revocation suit shall be the administrative agency that has made the disposition, etc. in question: Provided, That where the authority pertaining to such a disposition, etc. is succeeded to another administrative agency after the disposition, etc. is made, the latter shall be the defendant.
If the administrative agency as referred to in paragraph (1) no longer exists, the defendant shall be the State or a public entity to which matters concerning such a disposition, etc. revert.
Administrative suits shall be classified into the following four categories: Amended by Act No. 4017, Aug. 5, 1988
Appeals suit: It means a suit instituted against a disposition, etc. or an omission by an administrative agency
Party suit: It means a suit concerning legal relations, cause of which is a disposition, etc. issued by an administrative agency, and a suit over legal relations under public law, in which one of the parties to the legal relationship is a defendant
Public suit: It means a suit instituted by a person without any direct interest in order to seek the correction of violations by the State or organs of public entities
Agency suit: It means a suit instituted when disputes arise over the existence or exercise of power between agencies of the State or organs of public entities, except for a suit instituted against matters under the jurisdiction of the Constitutional Court under Article 2 of the Constitutional Court Act.
If the period for instituting a party suit is specified in Acts and subordinate statutes, such a period shall be a permanent term.
A suit against the public or any agency may be instituted only in such cases and by such persons as prescribed in Acts.
With respect to a suit filed against the public or an agency to seek the revocation of a disposition, etc., the provisions governing revocation suits shall apply mutatis mutandis, unless it is contrary to its nature.
With respect to a suit filed against the public or an agency to seek the confirmation of effectiveness or existence of a disposition, etc., or the illegality of an omission, the provisions governing suits for the confirmation of nullity, etc. or illegality of omission shall apply mutatis mutandis, unless it is contrary to its nature.
With respect to a suit filed against the public or an agency other than those as provided for in paragraphs (1) and (2), the provisions governing party suits shall apply mutatis mutandis, unless it is contrary to its nature.
A disposition, etc. shall be subject to a revocation suit: Provided, That in the case of a suit seeking the revocation of an adjudication, it is permitted only when the adjudication itself is illegal.
A revocation suit shall be instituted within 90 days from the date a disposition is known: Provided, That in a case provided for in the proviso to Article 18 (1), or a case where a request for an administration adjudication is permitted, or a case where an administrative agency informs mistakenly that a request for an administration adjudication is permitted, the period during which a request for an administrative adjudication is made shall be reckoned from the date an original of a written adjudication is served.
A revocation suit shall not be instituted after the lapse of one year from the date the disposition is made (in the case of the proviso to paragraph (1), one year from the date the adjudication is made): Provided, That this shall not apply where any justifiable reason exists.
The period as prescribed in paragraph (1) shall be a permanent term.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 4770, Jul. 27, 1994
A suit seeking confirmation of nullity, etc. may be instituted by a person having legal interests in confirming effectiveness or existence of a disposition, etc.
A suit seeking confirmation of illegality of an omission may be instituted only by a person who has made a request for a disposition, and has legal interests in confirming illegality of the omission.
The State, a public entity and other subjects of rights shall stand as a defendant in a party suit.
The period calculated under this Act shall be extended from 14 days to 20 days for the subsequent completion of an act of litigation outside the country, from 30 days to 60 days for a request for retrial by a third person outside the country, and from 60 days to 90 days for the institution of a suit outside the country.
The court of the first instance, which has jurisdiction over a revocation suit, shall be an administrative court having jurisdiction over the location of the defendant. Amended by Act No. 12596, May 20, 2014
Notwithstanding paragraph (1), a revocation suit against a defendant falling under any of the following may be instituted with an administrative court having jurisdiction over the location of the Supreme Court: Newly Inserted by Act No. 12596, May 20, 2014
A central administrative agency, an organization affiliated with a central administrative agency, a consensual administrative agency or its head
A public organization which takes care of government affairs under delegation or entrustment or its head.
A suit seeking revocation of a disposition concerning the expropriation of land, and real estate or a specific place may be instituted with an administrative court having jurisdiction over the location of the real estate or the place.
This Article Wholly Amended Act No. 4770, Jul. 27, 1994
The provisions of Article 34 (1) of the Civil Procedure Act shall also apply to a case where an administrative suit is mistakenly instituted by a plaintiff to the court of any different instance without any intention or gross negligence on his or her part. Amended by Act No. 6626, Jan. 26, 2002
The provisions of Articles 9, 10, 13 through 17, 19, 22 through 26, 29 through 31, and 33 shall apply mutatis mutandis to a suit seeking confirmation of nullity, etc.
The provisions of Articles 9, 10, 13 through 19, 20, 25 through 27, 29 through 31, 33 and 34 shall apply mutatis mutandis to a suit seeking confirmation of illegality of an omission. Amended by Act No. 4770, Jul. 27, 1994
The court may revoke a discretionary disposition issued by an administrative agency where it is beyond the discretion of the administrative agency or it is abused.
The court, if it deems it necessary, may investigate the evidence ex officio, and render a judgment as to the facts not asserted by the party.
Except as otherwise provided for in other Acts, administrative suits shall be governed by this Act.
With respect to the matters not provided for in this Act concerning administrative suits, the provisions of the Court Organization Act, the Civil Procedure Act, and the Civil Execution Act shall apply mutatis mutandis. Amended by Act No. 6627, Jan. 26, 2002
The purpose of this Act is to secure stability in the residential life of national citizens, by providing for special cases to the Civil Act, with respect to the lease of buildings for residence.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8923, Mar. 21, 2008
This Act shall apply to lease of the whole or part of buildings for residence (hereinafter referred to as "house"). This provision shall also apply in cases where a part of a leased house is used for any purpose other than residence.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8923, Mar. 21, 2008
This Act shall apply mutatis mutandis to a contract for lease of an unregistered house on a deposit basis. In such cases, "security money for lease on a deposit basis" shall be construed as "deposit for lease".
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8923, Mar. 21, 2008
If it is obvious that the lease is for a temporary use, this Act shall not be applicable.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8923, Mar. 21, 2008
Any agreement contrary to this Act and unfavorable to the lessee shall be ineffective.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8923, Mar. 21, 2008
The transferee (including any person who has succeeded to the right to lease) of a leased house shall be deemed to have succeeded to the status of the lessor. Amended by Act No. 12043, Aug. 13, 2013
Articles 6, 7, 10 and 11-2 of the Trial of Small Claims Act shall apply mutatis mutandis to the lawsuit filed by the lessee against the lessor to demand the repayment of deposit.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8923, Mar. 21, 2008
Articles 575 (1) and (3), and 578 of the Civil Act shall apply mutatis mutandis where a house that constitutes the object of a lease under this Act, becomes the object of a sale or public auction. Amended by Act No. 12043, Aug. 13, 2013
"Corporations with recognized right of standing" in the latter part of Article 3 (2) of the Housing Lease Protection Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Act") means the following corporations: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21744, Sep. 21, 2009
Korea Land and Housing Corporation established under the Korea Land and Housing Corporation Act
Local public enterprises established for housing affairs pursuant to Article 49 of the Local Public Enterprises Act.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 20971, Aug. 21, 2008
Registration shall be made for the indication of real estate and for the preservation, transfer, creation, change of, or restrictions on disposal or extinguishment of any of the following rights:
Ownership
Superficies
Easement
Rights to lease on a deposit basis
Mortgage
Pledge of rights
Security rights over claims
Leasehold interest.
Anyone may request a registry to allow him or her to peruse all or part of matters entered in a registration record or to issue a certificate of registered matters, as prescribed by the Supreme Court Regulations, upon paying fees: Provided, That he or she may request a registry to allow him or her to peruse only the part of documents supplemental to a registration record in which he or she has interest.
Requests for perusal and issuance of a certificate of registered matters under paragraph (1) may be also made at any registry in addition to the relevant registry.
Fees under paragraph (1) and the scope of exemption therefrom shall be prescribed by the Supreme Court Regulations.
The priority order of supplementary registrations shall accord with that of main registration: Provided, That the priority order among supplementary registrations relating to main registration shall accord with the order of registration.
Where a registrar registers the creation of leasehold interests or the sublease of leased objects, he or she shall record the following matters in addition to matters prescribed in Article 48: Provided, That if grounds for registration include matters under subparagraphs 3 through 5, subparagraphs 3 through 5 shall be recorded:
Rent
Timing for paying rents
Period of existence: Provided, That where it is a short-term lease under Article 619 of the Civil Act by a lessor having no capability or authority of disposal, such purport shall also be recorded
Security deposit for lease
Consent from a lessor concerning the transfer of leasehold interest or sublease of leased objects
Where the scope of creation of leasehold interest or the scope of sublease of leased objects is part of real estate, the number of drawings indicating such part.
Any person who intends to carry on a brokerage business shall file a registration of the opening of his or her brokerage office (referring to the principal brokerage office in case of a juristic person) with the head of a Si (referring to the head of a Si in which no Gu is established and the head of an administrative city in the Special Self-Governing Province hereinafter the same shall apply)/Gun/Gu (hereinafter referred to as "registration authority"), who has jurisdiction over an area where he or she intends to open such office as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. Amended by Act No. 8852, Feb. 29, 2008 Act No. 9127, Jun. 13, 2008 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Any person who is neither a licensed real estate agent (excluding an affiliated licensed real estate agent) nor a juristic person shall be prohibited from filing a registration of the opening of a brokerage office under paragraph (1).
Standards for registering the establishment of brokerage offices pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
In the primary examination, the successful examinees shall be the persons who gain not less than 40 points in each subject as well as an average of not less than 60 points in all subjects, by making 100 points as a perfect score for each subject.
In the secondary examination, the persons who gain not less than 40 points in each subject and an average of not less than 60 points in all subjects, by making 100 points as a perfect score for each subject, shall be determined as the successful examinees: Provided, That in case where the head of the examination-administering institution, deeming it necessary from the view of supply and demand of licensed real estate agents, publicly notifies in advance the planned number of persons to be selected subject to the decision of the Deliberation Committee, successful examinees shall be decided in the order of the higher scorer in the total points on all subjects, from among persons whose score is 40 points or more in each subject, within the limit of the planned number of persons to be selected. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25522, Jul. 28, 2014
Where the number of successful examinees determined under the proviso to paragraph (2) and paragraph (5) exceeds the planned number of persons to be selected due to the same scorers, all of such same scorers shall be deemed as successful examinees.
The head of the examination-administering institution may, when deemed necessary to ensure equity among examinees, announce in advance the minimum number or percentage of successful examinees, subject to the decision of the Deliberation Committee. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25522, Jul. 28, 2014
Where the minimum number or percentage of successful examinees is announced pursuant to paragraph (4), if persons who gain not less than 40 points in each subject and an average of not less than 60 points in all subjects in the secondary examination fall short of the prescribed minimum number or percentage of successful examinees, the successful examinees shall be determined in the order of the higher scorer in the total points on all subjects from among persons who gain not less than 40 points in each subject, within the limit of the prescribed minimum number or percentage of successful examinees.
Article 135 of the Commercial Act shall apply mutatis mutandis to a transport service provider's liability for damage caused by loss, destruction, or late delivery of cargo (hereinafter referred to as "mishap in transit").
For the purpose of applying paragraph (1), cargo that has not been delivered within three months after the deadline for delivery shall be deemed lost.
The Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport may mediate a dispute over liability for damage under paragraph (1) at the shipper's request, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23. 2013
Upon receipt of a request from a shipper for mediation of a dispute under paragraph (3), the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport shall examine the relevant facts, investigate losses, and prepare a draft conciliation agreement without delay. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23. 2013
Where both parties to a dispute accept a proposed mediation agreement under paragraph (4), it shall be deemed that an agreement identical with the proposed mediation agreement is made between the parties.
The Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport may entrust business affairs for mediation of disputes under paragraphs (3) and (4) to the Korea Consumer Agency under Article 33 (1) of the Framework Act on Consumers or a consumers' organization registered in accordance with Article 29 (1) of the aforementioned Act. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23. 2013
Where there is no notary public in the jurisdiction of a district public prosecutors' office or a notary public is unable to perform his or her duties, or it is recognized as necessary for the convenience of residents, the Minister of Justice may have a public prosecutor or the chief of the registry office in the jurisdiction perform the duties of a notary public.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9416, Feb. 6, 2009
If a notary public intends to establish or relocate his or her office, he or she shall obtain the authorization of the Minister of Justice.
The establishment and operation of a joint office of an appointed notary public and other necessary matters shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
A notary public shall perform his or her duties at his or her office: Provided, That this shall not apply where he or she is unable perform his or her duties at his or her office on account of the character of the case, or if it is otherwise provided in other statutes.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9416, Feb. 6, 2009
No documents and books referred to in the following subparagraphs shall be taken out of a notary public office, unless it is unavoidable to escape from a disaster or an order or permission is obtained from the Minister of Justice or the chief public prosecutor of the district public prosecutors' office which he or she works for: Amended by Act No. 11823, May. 28, 2013 Act No. 15150, Dec. 12, 2017
Original deeds and documents attached thereto prepared by a notary public
Copies of deeds signed by private persons and documents attached thereto kept by a notary public pursuant to Article 57 (4)
Articles of association (including deeds signed by private persons and minutes of a corporation applicable mutatis mutandis pursuant to Articles 57-2 (7) and 66-2 (5)) and documents attached thereto kept by a notary public pursuant to Article 63 (3)
Information, electronic documents, etc. and documents attached thereto kept or maintained by a designated notary public pursuant to Article 66-8 (1) and (2)
Other books prepared by a notary public in accordance with statutes.
Documents, etc. referred to in paragraph (1) may be kept in microfilm or by other computerized information processing systems.
Where the documents, etc. referred to in paragraph (1) are kept intact or kept pursuant to paragraph (2), the methods of keeping documents, where and how long to keep them, destruction thereof, and other necessary matters shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Justice.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9416, Feb. 6, 2009
Compulsory execution against immovables shall be effected by a court upon a motion of a creditor.
Compulsory execution shall be effected by the following means:
Compulsory auction
Compulsory administration.
A creditor may, at his or her option, have the execution effected by any of the means provided in each subparagraph of paragraph (2), or effected by concurrently exercising the two means.
Compulsory administration may be effected also for the execution of a provisional seizure.
Creditors entitled to receive a distribution of amounts prescribed in Article 147 (1) shall be as follows:
Execution creditors who have declared a bid not later than the completion period for demanding a distribution
Creditors who have demanded a distribution not later than the completion period for demanding a distribution
Provisional seizure obligees who have been registered prior to the registration of a decision on commencing the first auction
Creditors who have what has been registered prior to the registration of a decision on commencing the first auction and what is to be extinguished by the auction, which are the mortgage, right to lease on a deposit basis, and other claims for preferential payment.
Provisional seizure shall be under the jurisdiction of the district court having jurisdiction over the location of the objects to be provisionally seized, or under that of the court having jurisdiction over the merits.
Notarial deed prepared by a notary public in respect of the claims aiming at the payment of specific amount, or at the payment of a specific quantity of substitute goods or securities, and which states the purport of giving a consent of the debtor to the compulsory execution
Provisional seizure may be effected in order to preserve compulsory execution against the movables or immovables in respect of a monetary claim or a claim convertible into the money.
Provisional seizure may be effected even where a claim under paragraph (1) is conditional, or whose term has been not yet due.
Provisional seizure may be effected where, unless such seizure is not effected, an execution of the judgment is impossible, or there exists a concern about the considerable difficulty in executing the judgment.
A judgment on the request for a provisional seizure may be rendered without holding any pleadings.
Even when the grounds for a requested claim or a provisional seizure have not been vindicated, the court may order a provisional seizure when the security fixed by the court has been furnished for the damages sustainable by the debtor due to a provisional seizure.
Even when the grounds for a requested claim and a provisional seizure have been vindicated, the court may order a provisional seizure by having the security furnished.
When a security has been furnished, the furnishing of the security and the method of furnishing the security shall be entered in the order of provisional seizure.
Where it falls under any of the following, the court that exercises jurisdiction over the formalities of property specification may, according to the application of the creditor who has applied for such property specification, inquire about the property under debtor's title of the public agencies, financial institutions, organizations, etc., which control the computer networks on the property and credit of individuals: Amended by Act No. 7358, Jan. 27, 2005
Where it is acknowledged that the creditor, concerning the formalities of property specification, has failed to comply due to a cause under Article 194 (1) of the Civil Procedure Act even though he or she received an order to correct his or her address under Article 62 (6)
Where the properties on the property list presented by the debtor fall short of the satisfaction of execution claims concerning the formalities of property specification
Where there are causes that fall under subparagraphs of Article 68 (1) or paragraph (9) of the same Article concerning the formalities of property specification.
Where the creditor files an application under paragraph (1), he or she shall specify the agency or organization to be inquired of, and pay in advance the costs for such inquiry.
Where the court makes an inquiry under paragraph (1), it may, by means of a document stating the debtor's personal matters, ask the head of the relevant agency or organization to gather altogether, and to submit, the data on the debtor's property and credit that are retained by such agency or organization.
The public agency, financial institution, organization, etc. shall not refuse, without good cause, the inquiry under paragraphs (1) and (3).
Procedures for compulsory execution against motor vehicles, construction machines, small ships (referring to small ships under subparagraph 2 of Article 3 of the Act on Mortgage on Motor Vehicles and other Specific Movables), and aircraft (referring to airplanes and light aircraft under subparagraph 4 of Article 3 of the Act on Mortgage on Motor Vehicles and other Specific Movables), shall be prescribed by the Supreme Court Regulations, in accordance with Sections 2 through 4 of Chapter II of Part II. Amended by Act No. 8622, Aug. 3, 2007 Act No. 9525, Mar. 25, 2009 Act No. 13286, May 18, 2015
In rendering a ruling to commence an auction procedure, the seizure of the immovables shall be simultaneously ordered.
No seizure shall affect the management and use of immovables by the debtor.
After a ruling to commence the auction procedure has been rendered, the court may, either ex officio or upon request of an interested party, take measures necessary for preventing any act of infringing on the immovables.
The seizure shall become effective when a ruling therefor has been served on the debtor or a registration pursuant to Article 94 has been made.
An immediate complaint may be raised against a judgment to dismiss or dismiss without prejudice an application for compulsory auction.
When a seizure following the decision on commencement of auction has become effective (excluding cases where there has existed another decision on commencement of auction prior to the said decision on commencement of auction), the court of execution shall fix the completion period to demand a distribution as being prior to the first sale date, by taking account of the period required for the procedures.
When the completion period to demand a distribution has been fixed, the court shall publicly notify the purport of a ruling on commencement of auction and the completion period to demand a distribution, and notify thereof to the person with a right to lease on a deposit basis under the proviso to Article 91 (4) and to the creditor under Article 88 (1) who has been known to the court.
A decision on the completion period to demand a distribution under paragraph (1), and the public notification under paragraph (2), shall be made within one week from the time a seizure following the decision on commencement of auction has become effective.
The junior administrative officer, etc. of a court shall give a peremptory notice to the creditor under subparagraphs 3 and 4 of Article 148 and the public institution in charge of taxes and other public imposts, to file a report with the court on the existence of the claims, and their causes and amounts (including the principal, interests, costs and other incidental claims), by not later than the completion period to demand a distribution.
When the creditor under subparagraphs 3 and 4 of Article 148 fails to file a report with respect to the peremptory notice under paragraph (4), the amount of claims by such creditor shall be calculated pursuant to the documents and evidence stated in the execution records, such as a certificate of registered matters. In such cases, the amount of claims shall not be re-added. Amended by Act No. 10580, Apr. 12, 2011
If deemed specially necessary, the court may extend the completion period to demand a distribution.
Paragraphs (2) and (4) shall apply mutatis mutandis to cases falling under paragraph (6): Provided, That no notification or peremptory notice under paragraphs (2) and (4) shall be made or given to the person who has already made a demand for distribution or a report on claims.
When a court deems that there shall remain a surplus if the encumbrances and the costs under Article 102 (1) are reimbursed with the minimum auction price, or when an execution creditor has made the request under Article 102 (2) and furnished a sufficient guaranty, the court shall fix ex officio the date of bidding and that of the decision of successful bidding, and make public notification thereof by the method as determined by the Supreme Court Regulations.
The court shall notify the interested parties of the date of bidding and that of the decision on successful bidding.
The notification referred to in paragraph (2) may be forwarded to the addresses of the interested parties indicated in the execution record by the method as determined by the Supreme Court Regulations.
Where the sale is made by the method of term auction, paragraphs (1) through (3) shall also apply to the period of bidding.
If a decision on granting permission for sale has become final and conclusive, the court shall fix the time limit for payment of the price, and notify the successful bidder and the next highest bidder thereof.
The successful bidder shall pay the price of successful bid not later than the time limit for payment of the price under paragraph (1).
Where money has been furnished as the guarantee for a request for bid, such money shall be incorporated in the proceeds of sale.
Where other articles than money have been furnished as the guarantee for a request for bid, if the successful bidder has paid only the remaining amount after deducting the guarantee amount from the sale price, the court shall encash the guarantee and appropriate the amount obtained by deducting the costs for such encashment into the proceeds of sale equivalent to the guarantee amount and into the overdue interests thereon, and if there exists any insufficient amount, the court shall again fix the time limit for payment of price and require the successful bidder to pay the price.
Article 138 (3) shall apply mutatis mutandis to the overdue interests under paragraph (4).
The next highest bidder shall be exempted from his or her responsibility for bid when the successful bidder has fully paid the price and may promptly request a return of the guarantee for a request for bid.
In rendering a ruling on commencing a compulsory administration, a court shall prohibit the debtor from interfering in the administrative affairs and also from disposing of any profits from the immovables and shall order the third party who is to pay the profits to the debtor, to pay them to the administrator.
Fruits which have been or are to be yielded, and those which have become or are to become due, shall belong to the profits under paragraph (1).
A ruling on commencing a compulsory administration shall take effect to the third parties only upon service of a written ruling on them.
An immediate complaint may be raised against a judgment on either dismissing, or dismissing without prejudice, a request for compulsory administration.
An administrator shall reimburse the costs for administration of immovables with the profits therefrom less any taxes and other public imposts to be imposed on such immovables, and pay the remaining amount to the creditors.
In cases falling under paragraph (1), when it is impossible to make all creditors satisfied, the administrator shall make the distribution in compliance with the consultation on distribution among the creditors.
Where any consultation on distribution has not been achieved among the creditors, the administrator shall file a report on the reasons therefor to the court.
Where a report under paragraph (3) is filed, the court shall prepare a distribution schedule by applying mutatis mutandis Articles 145, 146, and 148 through 161 and shall require the administrator to pay to the creditors in compliance therewith.
Any of the following documents shall be attached to a written application for a compulsory auction in addition to the executory exemplification: Amended by Act No. 10580, Apr. 12, 2011
For immovables registered as owned by the debtor, a certificate of registered matters
For immovables unregistered as owned by the debtor, a document attesting that they may be immediately registered in the debtor's name: Provided, That if such immovables are unregistered buildings, a document attesting that such buildings are owned by the debtor, a document attesting the parcel number, structure and size of such buildings, and a document attesting a construction permission or a construction report in respect of such buildings.
Creditors may request the public institution in charge of official books to attest matters under the proviso to paragraph (1) 2.
In cases falling under the proviso to paragraph (1) 2, when creditors fail to attest the parcel number, structure and size of the buildings, he or she may request the court of execution to investigate it, concurrently with filing an application for auction.
In case falling under paragraph (3), the court shall have an execution officer investigate such case.
Where the immovables have already been seized for the purpose of compulsory administration, if the documents falling under any subparagraph of paragraph (1) are attached to the execution record thereof, a second attachment of such documents may be dispensed with.
A seizure of corporeal movables in possession of the debtor shall be effected by taking possession thereof by the execution officer: Provided, That when the creditor consents thereto or their transport is impracticable, they may be left in the custody of the debtor by clarifying, by the sealing or by other means, that they are the seized objects.
Any of the following objects shall be deemed to be corporeal movables in this Act:
Fixtures to the unregistrable land, which may independently be the objects of transaction
Fruits before separation from the land, which may be harvested within one month
Securities for which an endorsement is not prohibited.
An execution officer shall notify the debtor of the reason for a seizure.
After effecting the seizure, an execution officer shall make a sale of the seized objects by bidding or by means of a quoted auction.
Compulsory execution against a debtor's monetary claim against a third party and other claims of his or hers aiming at a transfer of rights for, or a delivery of, securities or other corporeal articles against a third party, shall be commenced by an order of seizure issued by the court of execution.
An execution creditor may request the issuance of a collection order or an assignment order against the seized monetary claim.
When there exists a collection order, the execution creditor may collect the seized claim without following the subrogation procedure.
When there exists an assignment order, the seized claim shall be transferred to the execution creditor in lieu of the payment.
Article 227 (2) and (3) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a collection order, and Article 227 (2) to an assignment order, respectively.
Where another creditor has made a request for a seizure or provisional seizure or a demand for a distribution in respect of such monetary claim not later than the time when an assignment order is served on a garnishee, the assignment order shall be null and void.
An immediate complaint may be raised against a judgment on the request under paragraph (1).
An assignment order shall take effect only after it becomes final and conclusive.
Where an immediate complaint has been raised against an assignment order on the ground that the documents under subparagraph 2 or 4 of Article 49 were submitted subsequent to the issuance of an assignment order, the appellate court shall suspend the trial on such complaint, except where the assignment order is revoked on another ground.
An application for civil execution shall be filed in writing.
In the relevant request for an order of seizure, a creditor shall clarify the kind and amount of the claims to be seized.
Where an assignment order has become final and conclusive, it shall be deemed that the debtor has reimbursed his or her debts when the assignment order was served on the garnishee: Provided, That the same shall not apply when the transferred claims were nonexistent.
Any Korean national who desires to travel abroad shall carry a passport issued under this Act.
Information to be stated in passports shall be as follows:
Type of passport, issuing state, passport number, date of issuance, date of expiration, and issuing authority
The name, nationality, gender, date of birth, resident registration number, and photo of the passport holder
Deleted. by Act No. 9799, Oct. 19, 2009
The information referred to in each subparagraph of paragraph (1) shall be printed and electronically stated in passports, as prescribed by Presidential Decree: Provided, That it need not be stated electronically where any inevitable cause exists, such as cases where a passport is issued at embassies or consulates abroad, etc.
The types of passports shall be ordinary passports, official passports and diplomatic passports, each of which shall be classified into passports available for traveling abroad only once (hereinafter referred to as "single passport") and passports available for traveling abroad without limitation on the number of trips until the terms of their validity expire (hereinafter referred to as "multiple passport"), respectively.
Persons to whom an official passport or a diplomatic passport may be issued shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
In any of the following cases, the Minister of Foreign Affairs may issue a single passport whose term of validity does not exceed one year: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Where an applicant requests the issuance of a single passport
Where a passport is issued in accordance with Article 12 (4)
Where a passport is issued to a person prescribed by Presidential Decree and subject to obtaining permission to travel abroad under the Military Service Act
Where a passport is issued to a person deemed necessary to make an overseas trip due to inevitable reasons, such as a student who needs to leave the country during the period of confirmation referred to in Article 11 (2) due to the academic calendar.
Detailed matters concerning the issuance of single passports shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
When an applicant has failed to claim his or her passport within six months from the date of issuance
In the case of a passport returned for application for the issuance or reissuance of a passport, when a passport for which issuance or reissuance has been applied is issued or reissued
A person who enters false details in documents submitted to be issued or reissued with a passport, etc. in violation of subparagraph 1 of Article 16 (including cases applied mutatis mutandis in accordance with Article 14 (3)), or a person who has obtained or arranged to obtain a passport, etc. issued or reissued by other illegal means shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than three years or by a fine not exceeding 30 million won. Amended by Act No. 12274, Jan. 21, 2014
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than one year or by a fine not exceeding 10 million won: Amended by Act No. 12274, Jan. 21, 2014
A person who takes over or borrows another persons passport, etc. for the purposes of using it in violation of subparagraph 4 of Article 14 (including cases applied mutatis mutandis in accordance with Article 14 (3))
A person who provides or is provided with a passport, etc. as a means to secure the fulfillment of an obligation in violation of subparagraph 5 of Article 16 (including cases applied mutatis mutandis in accordance with Article 14 (3))
A person who uses a passport, etc. or visits or stays in a country or region publicly notified as a country or region where visits or sojourn is prohibited under Article 17 (2) and the main sentence of Article 17 (1) without obtaining permission (including cases applied mutatis mutandis in accordance with Article 14 (3)) under the proviso to paragraph (1) of the said Article, despite being aware of such fact.
A person who violates Article 12 (1) or (2), or 12-3
Every alien who intends to enter the Republic of Korea shall be granted a status of stay falling under any of the following subparagraphs:
Standard status of stay: a status of stay by which a period of stay in the Republic of Korea is limited pursuant to this Act
Status of permanent residency: a status of stay by which permanent residency in the Republic of Korea is permitted.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 15492, Mar. 20, 2018
A visa referred to in Article 7 shall be categorized as a single-entry visa valid for only one entry into the Republic of Korea and a multiple-entry visa valid for at least two entries.
The Minister of Justice may delegate his or her authority to issue visas to the heads of overseas diplomatic missions, as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Criteria and procedures for the issuance of visas shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Justice.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10282, May 14, 2010
A person who violates Article 17 (1) or (2), 18, 20, 23, 24 or 25
Every alien who intends to continue to stay in excess of the permitted period of stay shall obtain permission to extend his or her period of stay from the Minister of Justice before the expiration of the permitted period of stay, as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10282, May 14, 2010
A person who has obtained permission to reenter or is exempted from permission of reentry enters the Republic of Korea before the period of such permission or exemption expires
A person who is a national of a country which has entered into the Visa Exemption Agreement with the Republic of Korea and eligible for a visa exemption under such Visa Exemption Agreement
A person who enters the Republic of Korea for international friendship, sightseeing or in the interests of the Republic of Korea, etc., with entry permission he or she has obtained otherwise, as prescribed by Presidential Decree
A person who departed from the Republic of Korea with a refuge travel document issued, and enters the Republic of Korea before the term of validity of such certificate expires.
Where it is found that the alien has obtain permission, etc. by false or other unlawful means
When an alien enters the Republic of Korea, he or she shall hold a valid passport and a visa issued by the Minister of Justice.
Notwithstanding paragraph (1), any of the following aliens may enter the Republic of Korea without a visa:
A person who has obtained permission to reenter or is exempted from permission of reentry enters the Republic of Korea before the period of such permission or exemption expires
A person who is a national of a country which has entered into the Visa Exemption Agreement with the Republic of Korea and eligible for a visa exemption under such Visa Exemption Agreement
A person who enters the Republic of Korea for international friendship, sightseeing or in the interests of the Republic of Korea, etc., with entry permission he or she has obtained otherwise, as prescribed by Presidential Decree
A person who departed from the Republic of Korea with a refuge travel document issued, and enters the Republic of Korea before the term of validity of such certificate expires.
The Minister of Justice may temporarily suspend the application of the Visa Exemption Agreement to persons who fall under paragraph (2) 2 where deemed necessary for maintaining public order or in the interests of the Republic of Korea.
Notwithstanding paragraph (1), any national of a country which has no diplomatic relationship with the Republic of Korea, or of a country designated by the Minister of Justice through consultation with the Minister of Alien Affairs, may enter the Republic of Korea with an alien entry permit issued by the head of an overseas diplomatic mission or the head of a Regional Immigration Service, as prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12421, Mar. 18, 2014
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10282, May 14, 2010
An alien who has filed for registration under Article 31 shall report changes in registered matters to the head of the Regional Immigration Service having jurisdiction over his or her place of stay within 14 days, as prescribed by Presidential Decree, if any of the following matters is changed: Amended by Act No. 12421, Mar. 18, 2014
His/her name, gender, date of birth, and nationality
Number, date of issuance, and term of validity of his or her passport
Matters prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Justice, other than those prescribed in subparagraphs 1 and 2.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10282, May 14, 2010
Every alien staying in the Republic of Korea shall always carry his or her passport, seafarers identity document, alien entry permit, alien registration certificate or landing permit (hereinafter referred to as "passport, etc."): Provided, That this shall not apply to any alien under 17 years of age.
When an immigration control official or a competent public official demands an alien referred to in the main sentence of paragraph (1) to present his or her passport, etc. in connection with the performance of his or her duty, the alien shall present his or her passport, etc.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10282, May 14, 2010
The kinds of missions of the Republic of Korea (hereinafter referred to as "missions") shall be classified into Embassy, Legation, Representative Office, Consulate General and Consulate.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10098, Mar. 17, 2010
Where the Minister of Justice decides to temporarily suspend the application of the Visa Exemption Agreement pursuant to paragraph (1), he or she shall without delay notify the relevant country of such decision via the Minister of Foreign Affairs. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24415, Mar. 23, 2013
Where the Minister of Justice grants status of stay or permits the change of status of stay, etc. in accordance with Articles 23 through 25 of the Act, and when he or she decides not to permit an extension of the period of stay thereafter, the Head of an Office, the head of an office or the head of a branch office shall state in the passport that its holder shall leave the Republic of Korea within the permitted period of stay. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28870, May 8, 2018
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23274, Nov. 1, 2011
To apply for landing permission for an alien crew member pursuant to Article 14 (1) of the Act, an application for landing permission shall be submitted (including submission via the Integrated National Logistics Information Center established under Article 30-2 (1) of the Framework Act on Logistics Policies) to an immigration control official. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24213, Nov. 30, 2012
"Document prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the main sentence of Article 14 (2) 2 of the Act means a written confirmation of scheduled boarding or an electronic document containing the fact that the alien crew member is scheduled to enter the Republic of Korea.
An application for landing permission for an alien crew member submitted under paragraph (1) to transfer the alien crew member to another ship, etc. or land at any other port of entry and departure in the Republic of Korea pursuant to Article 14 (6) of the Act shall be accompanied by materials explaining the grounds therefor.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23274, Nov. 1, 2011
Where requested to submit by the head of an investigative agency for investigations
Where requested by the head of the issuing agency.
Where the Minister of Justice grants status of stay or permits the change of status of stay, etc. in accordance with Articles 23 through 25 of the Act, and when he or she decides not to permit an extension of the period of stay thereafter, the Head of an Office, the head of an office or the head of a branch office shall state in the passport that its holder shall leave the Republic of Korea within the permitted period of stay. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28870, May 8, 2018
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23274, Nov. 1, 2011
When an immigration control official completes a departure or entry inspection under paragraph (1) or (2), he or she shall place an entry or exit stamp on the passport: Provided, That the immigration control official may omit the entry or exit stamp in any of the cases determined by the Minister of Justice, such as cases where the Minister of Justice holds that the omission of such stamp will not cause any trouble to the departure or entry of nationals. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23274, Nov. 1, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 27520, Sep. 29, 2016
A person who intends to obtain permission to extend his or her period of stay under Article 25 of the Act shall file an application for an extension of the period of stay that shall be accompanied by documents prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Justice with the Head of an Office, the head of an office or the head of a branch office, before the expiration of the permitted period of stay. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28870, May 8, 2018
Upon receipt of an application filed under paragraph (1), the Head of an Office, the head of an office or the head of a branch office shall without delay send the application to the Minister of Justice along with his or her opinion. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28870, May 8, 2018
When the Minister of Justice permits an extension of the period of stay in response to an application under paragraph (1), the Head of an Office, the head of an office or the head of a branch office shall place a stamp permitting the extension of the period of stay and enter the period of stay in the passport, or affix a sticker permitting the extension of the period of stay on the passport: Provided, That when the Minister of Justice grants an extension of the period of stay to a person who has filed for alien registration, stating the permitted period in the persons alien registration certificate shall substitute for the placement of such stamp and entry of the period of stay in or affixing such sticker on the passport. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28870, May 8, 2018
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23274, Nov. 1, 2011
The Minister of Foreign Affairs may issue a travel certificate to the following persons under Article 14 of the Act: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21614, Jul. 7, 2009 Presidential Decree No. 21914, Dec. 30, 2009 Presidential Decree No. 24459, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 28782, Apr. 3, 2018
Departing stateless persons
Persons staying or residing abroad and required to return home urgently or travel to a third country without sufficient time to wait for the issuance of a passport on account of losing the passport or the expiration, etc. of its term of validity
Persons residing abroad and required to leave for their country of residence without sufficient time to wait for issuance of a passport on account of losing the passport or the expiration, etc. of its term of validity after temporarily returning from abroad
Internationally-adopted persons
Persons who must hold the travel certificate under Article 10 of the Inter-Korean Exchange and Cooperation Act and to whom it is deemed necessary by the Minister of Foreign Affairs to issue the travel certificate
5-2. Persons staying or residing abroad who need to issue a travel certificate in order to return home after they are refused or restricted for issuance or reissuance of passports or forced to be expelled overseas
Foreigners forced to be expelled from Korea under Article 46 of the Immigration Act cannot obtain any passport of the country where they have nationality or a certificate equivalent to a passport
Persons deemed to be in a similar position as those in subparagraphs 1 through 5, 5-2 and 6 and deemed necessary by the Minister of Foreign Affairs to issue the travel certificate urgently.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs shall issue a single-use passport to those who reach 25 years of age or more and have not fulfilled military service and for whom the period of permits for overseas travel certificate issued by the pertinent director of the Regional Military Manpower Office or the Military Manpower Branch Office is less than six months under Article 6 (1) 3: Provided, That he or she may issue the multiple passport with a one-year term of validity to any of the following persons: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24459, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 26043, Jan. 12, 2015 Presidential Decree No. 30182, Nov. 5, 2019
Any of the following persons recommended by the Minister of Culture, Sport and Tourism:
(a) Outstanding cultural artists
(b) Members of the national team who should travel abroad over several times a year to participate in international games or overseas off-season training
Military surgeon candidates, judicial officer candidates, military chaplain candidates, or veterinary officer candidates under Article 58 of the Military Service Act, and persons to be enrolled on the military register of officers in active duty service in the basic branches of the army under Article 59 of the same Act.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs may cancel the refusal of, or restriction on, etc. the issuance, etc. of the passport in any of the following cases: Provided, That where he or she intends to cancel the refusal of, or restriction on, etc. the issuance, etc. of the passport which was done at the request of the head of a related administrative agency (excluding cases under subparagraph 1), he or she shall consult in advance the head of a requesting agency: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24459, Mar. 23, 2013
Where the head of a related administrative agency requests the cancellation
Where the applicant is to depart from the country for the purpose of marrying a foreigner or a Korean national residing abroad who has emigrated to live overseas and residing with him or her
Where the applicant has obtained a certificate to emigrate overseas by reporting on emigration overseas under Article 6 of the Emigration Act
Where the applicant has obtained, or is scheduled to obtain, permanent residency or a visa for long-term stay
Deleted. by Presidential Decree No. 27166, May 13, 2016
"Dangerous circumstances in locations overseas prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the main sentence of Article 17 (1) of the Act means any danger that occurs outside of Korea in the following situations: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22564, Dec. 29, 2010
Large-scale typhoon, tidal wave, earthquake and other similar natural disaster
Imminent situation in which war has broken out or is highly likely to break out
Situation where civil war or riot has broken out and function, etc. to keep the security of the relevant country is extremely paralyzed and it cannot be performed normally
Imminent situation in which large-scale terrorism has occurred or is highly likely to occur
Large-scale explosion, chemical and biological accident, environmental pollution accident and other similar disaster
Situation where a large-scale infectious disease has broken out and functions of health care in the relevant country is paralyzed and not performed normally.
The announcement of the restriction, etc. on use of passport and its cancellation under Article 17 (2) (including cases applied mutatis mutandis in accordance with Article 14 (3) of the Act) and (3) of the Act and (3) shall be made by posting in the Official Gazette. In such cases, the Minister of Foreign Affairs shall prepare the method to inform such fact to nationals residing in the country or region subject to the restriction, etc. on use of passport. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24459, Mar. 23, 2013
Any of the following persons to be enlisted for active duty service may, at his request, be enrolled on the military register of officers in active duty service in the medical, judicial, religious, or veterinary field. In such cases, standards for selecting religions subject to enrollment in the religious field under subparagraph 3, standards and procedures for selecting active duty officers in the religious field, etc. shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree: Amended by Act No. 11849, Jun. 4, 2013
A person qualified as a medical doctor, dentist or oriental medical doctor
A person qualified as a judge, public prosecutor or attorney-at-law
A person who is a pastor, priest or Buddhist monk holding an academic degree equal to or higher than a bachelor's degree and any other person who performs a duty equivalent thereto whose qualification is recognized by a religious organization to which he belongs
A person qualified as a veterinarian.
Any of the following persons who apply for a military surgeon candidate, judicial officer candidate, military chaplain candidate, or veterinary officer candidate may be enrolled as a military surgeon candidate, judicial officer candidate, military chaplain candidate, or veterinary officer candidate, and matters necessary for those to be enrolled, restrictions on age, standards and procedures for their selection, etc. shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree: Amended by Act No. 11849, Jun. 4, 2013
A person who is qualified as a medical doctor, dentist, or oriental medical doctor, and is enrolled in the prescribed course at a military medical specialist training institution
A person who is enrolled in the prescribed course in a pertinent training institution for the purpose of obtaining qualifications to be a judge, public prosecutor, or attorney-at-law
A person who is enrolled in a college of theology or Buddhism, or any other college to foster clergymen in order to obtain qualifications to become a pastor, priest, Buddhist monk, or any other person who performs duties equivalent thereto
A person who is enrolled in a college of veterinary science (including a department of veterinary science in a college where such department is established) in order to obtain qualification for a veterinarian.
Any person who is enrolled on the military register of military surgeon candidates, judicial officer candidates, military chaplain candidates, or veterinary officer candidates pursuant to paragraph (2) may be enrolled on the military register of officers in active duty service in special branches of the army until reaching 35 years of age, and any person who is expunged from the military register of military surgeon candidates, judicial officer candidates, military chaplain candidates, or veterinary officer candidates may be enlisted for active duty service or called to social work personnel service, depending on their physical grade. Amended by Act No. 11849, Jun. 4, 2013 Act No. 14183, May. 29, 2016
Any person to be enrolled on the military register of officers in active duty service under paragraphs (1) and (3) of this Article and Article 59 may be enlisted in a military unit to receive military education.
Where any person referred to in paragraph (4) enters the armed services, the commanding officer of the military unit shall conduct a physical examination of him within seven days (including Saturdays and holidays) from the date he enters the armed services and shall invalid any person who is acknowledged as unfit for active duty service or as in need of medical treatment for not less than 15 days due to disease or physical or mental disorder as a result of such physical examination, indicating the severity of the disease or mental or physical disorder and the recovery period (limited to where the recovery period can be known). The same shall apply to those who are recognized to be in need of medical treatment for at least 15 days due to disease or mental or physical disorder that occurs while receiving military education. Amended by Act No. 13778, Jan. 19, 2016
The Commissioner of the Military Manpower Administration shall conduct a follow-up physical examination, as prescribed by Presidential Decree, of those who have been sent home as an invalid under paragraph (5), and change his military service disposition or have him re-enter the armed services according to his physical grade: Provided, That in cases of an invalid with a clear statement specifying the recovery period is less than three months, the director of the regional military manpower office may have him re-enter the military services without a follow-up physical examination. Amended by Act No. 14183, May 29, 2016
The Ministry of National Defense shall have a committee for the management and examination of military chaplains in order to deliberate on matters concerning the selection of religions eligible for enrollment on the military register, selection of officers in active duty service to minister to soldiers of the military, etc. under paragraph (1). In such cases, matters necessary for the organization, operation, etc. of such committee shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Matters necessary for standards and procedures for selecting officers in active duty service in the fields of medicine, law, and veterinary science among persons enrolled on the military register of military surgeon candidates, judicial officer candidates, and veterinary officer candidates as prescribed in paragraph (2), etc. shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 11849, Jun. 4, 2013
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9754, Jun. 9, 2009
The director of a regional military manpower office may postpone the draft physical examination or follow-up draft physical examination of any of the following persons subject to the draft physical examination or follow-up draft physical examination: Amended by Act No. 11849, Jun. 4, 2013 Act No. 14183, May 29, 2016
A crew member of a ship navigating to or from a foreign country
A person who stays or resides in a foreign country
A person who is detained for any crime, or is under execution of sentence.
The director of a regional military manpower office may postpone the conscription or call-up of a person who has undergone a draft physical examination or a follow-up draft physical examination, who falls under any of paragraph (1) 1 through 3 or falls under any of the following: Amended by Act No. 11849, Jun. 4, 2013 Act No. 14183, May 29, 2016
A student who attends a high school or higher
A person who is taking a prescribed course at a training institute
An outstanding athlete to enhance the national prestige.
Any person whose draft physical examination, follow-up draft physical examination, conscription, or call-up has been postponed under paragraph (1) or (2) shall, where he applies for a draft physical examination, follow-up draft physical examination, conscription, or call-up, or where his cause of the postponement ceases to exist, undergo the draft physical examination or follow-up draft physical examination or be conscripted or called up in the current or following year. Amended by Act No. 11849, Jun. 4, 2013 Act No. 14183, May 29, 2016
When any person whose conscription or call-up is postponed under paragraph (2) is re-conscripted or re-called, his assignment to military service may be changed in conformity with the criteria for military service assignment of the year in which he is re-conscripted or re-called.
Matters necessary for the scope of schools, training institutes, and outstanding athletes referred to in paragraph (2), restrictions on postponement, etc. shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9754, Jun. 9, 2009
Any of the following persons liable for military service shall, whenever he intends to travel abroad, obtain permission from the Commissioner of the Military Manpower Administration: Amended by Act No. 14183, May 29, 2016
Persons of 25 or more years of age who are in the preliminary military service or in supplementary service and have yet to be enlisted
Persons in service or in mandatory service as personnel of onboard ship reserve service or in supplementary service.
The Commissioner of the Military Manpower Administration shall issue a disposition in compliance with the following guidelines against persons prescribed by Presidential Decree, including those who have a record on evasion of, or are currently evading, the draft physical examination, follow-up draft physical examination, physical examination for confirmation, or enlistment in the military without justifiable grounds: Provided, That this shall not apply to extenuating circumstances prescribed by Presidential Decree, such as death of a family member: Amended by Act No. 11849, Jun. 4, 2013 Act No. 14183, May 29, 2016
Where they are subject to permission for travel abroad as prescribed in paragraph (1), such permission shall not be granted
Where they are less than 25 years of age and have yet to be enlisted for the preliminary military service or in supplementary service, measures necessary for restricting their travel abroad shall be taken.
Where a person who has obtained permission for travel abroad has difficulties in returning to the Republic of Korea within the permitted period, he shall obtain permission for the extension of a period or further permission for travel abroad from the Commissioner of the Military Manpower Administration within 15 days before the expiry of such period and where he left the Republic of Korea before reaching the age of 25, he shall obtain permission for the extension of a period or further permission for travel abroad by no later than January 15 of the year he reaches the age of 25.
The scope of and procedures for permission for overseas travel or the extension period referred to in paragraphs (1) and (3) shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Where the Commissioner of the Military Manpower Administration has granted permission for travel abroad or permission for the extension of a period, he or she shall notify the Minister of Justice thereof.
Where a person who has obtained permission for overseas travel or permission for extending his period of overseas travel pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (3) returns to the Republic of Korea for the purpose of permanently residing in his homeland and his act falls under any ground prescribed by Presidential Decree, the permission for overseas travel and the permission for extending a travel period may be revoked and the duty of military service may be imposed on him.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9754, Jun. 9, 2009
Every person liable for military service shall undergo a draft physical examination at the time and place designated by the director of the regional military manpower office in the year when he turns 19 years old to determine whether he is capable of performing military service: Provided, That in consideration of the manpower demand in the military and the supply and demand of draftee resources for military service, some of the 19-year-old persons may be permitted to undergo a draft physical examination in the year they turn 20 years old. Amended by Act No. 14183, May 29, 2016
A person who is obliged to undergo a draft physical examination and fails to do so or a person who had his draft physical examination postponed and for whom the cause of such postponement ceases to exist shall undergo the draft physical examination in the relevant year or the following year. Amended by Act No. 14183, May 29, 2016
The draft physical examination shall be divided into a physical examination and a psychological test. Amended by Act No. 14183, May 29, 2016
In the physical examination referred to in paragraph (3), all parts of the body shall be examined through a surgical test, internal examination, etc., and if necessary, a clinical pathology test, radiographing, etc. may be conducted. In such cases, the examination may be entrusted to a medical institution under the Medical Service Act, as prescribed by Presidential Decree, if it is difficult to ascertain the severity of disease or mental or physical disorder.
Through the psychological test referred to in paragraph (3), the individual's emotion, personality, etc. shall be assessed by observation of the individual's words and deeds, interview, examination in writing, etc. and if necessary, a detailed psychological test may be conducted to specifically check the mental and psychological status, etc.: Provided, That, if it is difficult to check the severity of disease or mental and physical disorder, the test may be entrusted to a medical institution under the Medical Service Act as prescribed by Presidential Decree. Newly Inserted by Act No. 15054, Nov. 28, 2017
In the event that any person who has failed to undergo a draft physical examination undergoes a physical examination for volunteers for active duty service conducted by the Commissioner of the Military Manpower Administration in accordance with Article 20 (1) (hereinafter referred to as "physical examination for volunteers for active duty service"), he shall be deemed to have undergone a draft physical examination under paragraph (1): Provided, That in cases of a person aged 18, the same shall apply only to where his physical grade is judged Grade V or VI provided for in Article 12 (1). Amended by Act No. 14183, May 29, 2016
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9754, Jun. 9, 2009
Where the Minister of Foreign Affairs is provided with fingerprints from applicants intending to be issued their passport under Article 9 (1) of the Act, he or she may compare such fingerprints with those kept and maintained by the relevant administrative agencies under Article 10 of the Act, for the purpose of identification only. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24459, Mar. 23, 2013
Where the Minister of Foreign Affairs is provided with fingerprints from applicants intending to be issued their passport under Article 9 (1) of the Act, he or she may compare such fingerprints with those kept and maintained by the relevant administrative agencies under Article 10 of the Act, for the purpose of identification only. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24459, Mar. 23, 2013
When an employer fails to pay the whole or a part of the wages and the allowances (referring to only lump-sum allowances) provided for in subparagraph 5 of Article 2 of the Act on the Guarantee of Employees' Retirement Benefits which he or she is liable to pay under Article 36 within 14 days after the cause for such payment occurred, he or she shall pay interest accrued for the delayed days from the following day to the day of the payment in accordance with the interest rate prescribed by Presidential Decree by taking account of the economic situations such as overdue interest rates etc. applied by the banks established under the Banking Act within the limit of 40/100 per year. Amended by Act No. 10303, May 17, 2010
The provisions of paragraph (1) shall not apply where an employer delays the payment of wages for natural disasters, calamities, or other reasons prescribed by Presidential Decree, for the period in which the said reasons exist.
An employer who regularly employs ten or more employees shall prepare the rules of employment regarding the following matters and report such rules to the Minister of Employment and Labor. The same shall also apply where he or she amends such rules: Amended by Act No. 9038, Mar. 28, 2008 Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010 Act No. 11270, Feb. 1, 2012 Act No. 16270, Jan. 15, 2019
Matters pertaining to the beginning and ending time of work, recess hours, holidays, leaves, and shifts
Matters pertaining to the determination, calculation and payment method of wages, the period for which wages are calculated, the period for paying wages, and pay raises
Matters pertaining to the methods of calculation and payment of family allowances
Matters pertaining to retirement
Matters pertaining to retirement benefits set under Article 4 of the Act on the Guarantee of Employees' Retirement Benefits, bonuses, and minimum wages
Matters pertaining to the burden of employees' meal allowances, expenses of operational tools or necessities and so forth
Matters pertaining to educational facilities for employees
Matters pertaining to the protection of employees' maternity and work family balance assistance, such as leaves before and after childbirth and child-care leaves
Matters pertaining to safety and health
9-2. Matters pertaining to the improvement of a workplace environment according to characteristics of employees, such as sex, ages, or physical conditions
Matters pertaining to assistance with respect to occupational and non-occupational accidents
Matters pertaining to the prevention of workplace harassment and the measures to be taken in cases of occurrence of workplace harassment
Matters pertaining to award and punishment
Other matters applicable to all employees within the business or workplace concerned.
Any of the following persons shall be punished by a fine of not exceeding five million won: Amended by Act No. 8561, Jul. 27, 2007 Act No. 9038, Mar. 28, 2008 Act No. 9699, May 21, 2009 Act No. 11270, Feb. 1, 2012
A person who violates Articles 6, 16, 17, 20, 21, 22 (2), 47, proviso to 53 (3), 67 (1) and (3), 70 (3), 73, 74 (6), 77, 94, 95, 100 and 103
A person who violates an order referred to in Article 96 (2).
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment for not more than two years or by a fine of not exceeding 20 million won: Amended by Act No. 9699, May 21, 2009 Act No. 11270, Feb. 1, 2012 Act No. 15108, Nov. 28, 2017 Act No. 15513, Mar. 20, 2018
A person who violates Articles 10, 22 (1), 26, 50, 53 (1), (2) and the main sentence of (3), 54, 55, 59 (2), 60 (1), (2), (4) and (5), 64 (1), 69, 70 (1) and (2), 71, 74 (1) through (5), 75, 78 through 80, 82, 83 and 104 (2)
A person who fails to comply with an order issued under Article 53 (4).
An employer shall grant a pregnant woman a total of a 90-day maternity leave (120-day maternity leave, if she is pregnant with at least two children at a time) before and after childbirth. In such cases, at least 45 days (60 days, if she is pregnant with two or more children at a time) of the leave period after childbirth shall be allowed. Amended by Act No. 11270, Feb. 1, 2012 Act No. 12325, Jan. 21, 2014
Where a pregnant female employee requests the leave under paragraph (1) due to her experience of miscarriage or other reasons prescribed by Presidential Decree, an employer shall allow her to use the leave at multiple times any time before her childbirth. In such cases, the period of leave after the childbirth shall be at least 45 days (60 days, if she is pregnant with at least two children at a time) consecutively. Newly Inserted by Act No. 11270, Feb. 1, 2012 Act No. 12325, Jan. 21, 2014
Where a pregnant woman has a miscarriage or stillbirth, an employer shall, upon the relevant employee's request, grant her a miscarriage/stillbirth leave, as prescribed by Presidential Decree: Provided, That the same shall not apply to any abortion carried out by artificial termination of pregnancy (excluding cases under Article 14 (1) of the Mother and Child Health Act). Amended by Act No. 11270, Feb. 1, 2012
The first 60 days (75 days, if she is pregnant with at least two children at a time) in the period of leave under paragraphs (1) through (3) shall be stipendiary: Provided, That when the leave allowances before and after childbirth, etc. have been paid under Article 18 of the Equal Employment Opportunity and Work-Family Balance Assistance Act, the payment responsibility shall be exempted within the limit of the relevant amount. Amended by Act No. 8781, Dec. 21, 2007 Act No. 11270, Feb. 1, 2012 Act No. 12325, Jan. 21, 2014
No employer shall order a female employee in pregnancy to engage in overtime work, and, even if there exists a request from the relevant employee, he or she shall transfer her to an easy type of work. Amended by Act No. 11270, Feb. 1, 2012
A business owner shall reinstate her to the same work or to the work for which wages of the same level as before leave are paid after the end of a maternity leave under paragraph (1). Newly Inserted by Act No. 9038, Mar. 28, 2008 Act No. 11270, Feb. 1, 2012
Where a female employee who has been pregnant for not more than 12 weeks or for not less than 36 weeks requests the reduction of her work hours by two hours a day, the employer shall permit it: Provided, That he or she may permit to reduce her work hours to six hours if her work hours are shorter than eight hours a day. Newly Inserted by Act No. 12527, Mar. 24, 2014
No employer shall reduce an employee's wages for reason of reduction of work hours under paragraph (7). Newly Inserted by Act No. 12527, Mar. 24, 2014
Matters necessary for the methods, procedures, etc. for requesting reduction of work hours under paragraph (7) shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree. Newly Inserted by Act No. 12527, Mar. 24, 2014
A business or workplace in which not less than 300 employees are regularly employed: Six months after the enforcement date of this Act
A business or workplace in which less than 300 employees are regularly employed: Two years after the enforcement date of this Act.
Enforcement Date The Amended provisions of Article 74 (7) through (9) shall enter into force on the following dates:
When an employer intends to dismiss an employee (including dismissal for management reasons), he or she shall give the employee a notice of dismissal at least 30 days in advance of such dismissal, and, if the employer fails to give such advance notice, he or she shall pay such employee a 30 days' ordinary wage at the least: Provided, That where any of the following is applicable, this shall not apply: Amended by Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010 Act No. 16270, Jan. 15, 2019
Where the period during which the employee has worked continuously is less than three months
Where continuation of the business is impossible due to natural disasters, incidents or other unavoidable circumstances
Where the employee has intentionally caused serious damage to the business or property loss, which falls under the reasons prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor.
When an employer intends to dismiss an employee, he or she shall notify the employee in writing of grounds and timing for the dismissal.
The dismissal of an employee shall become effective only upon a written notice pursuant to paragraph (1).
Where an employer has given an employee an advance notice of dismissal under Article 26 in writing, stating grounds and timing for dismissal, the employer shall be deemed to have given notification under paragraph (1). Newly Inserted by Act No. 12527, Mar. 24, 2014
No person shall prepare and use secret signs or lists, or have communications, for the purpose of interfering with the employment of an employee.
When an employee dies or retires, the employer shall pay the wages, compensations, and other money or valuables within 14 days after the cause for such payment occurred: Provided, That the period may, under special circumstances, be extended by mutual agreement between the parties concerned.
When an employee is subjected by the employer to any unfair dismissal, etc., he or she may request a remedy therefor from a labor relations commission.
A request for remedy under paragraph (1) shall be made within three months from the date of the unfair dismissal, etc.
A person who has violated Article 7, 8, 9, 23 (2) or 40 shall be punished by imprisonment for not more than five years or by a fine of not exceeding 50 million won. Amended by Act No. 15108, Nov. 28, 2017
The effect of the order for remedy, decision of rejection or decision made by reexamination of the Labor Relations Commission shall not be suspended even if an application for reexamination or administrative litigation is filed with or against the Central Labor Relations Commission pursuant to Article 31.
When a business shuts down due to a cause attributable to the employer, he or she shall pay the employees concerned allowances of not less than 70 percent of their average wages during the period of shutdown: Provided, That if the amount equivalent to the 70 percent of their average wages exceeds that of their ordinary wages, their ordinary wages may be paid as their shutdown allowances.
Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (1), the employer who is unable to continue to carry on the business for any unavoidable reason may, with the approval of the Labor Relations Commission concerned, pay the employees shutdown allowances lower than the standards as prescribed in paragraph (1).
Whenever an employer is requested by an employee to issue a certificate specifying the term of employment, kind of work performed, positions taken, wages received, and other necessary information, he or she shall immediately prepare and deliver a certificate based on facts, even after the retirement of the employee.
The certificate referred to in paragraph (1) shall contain nothing other than what has been requested by the employee.
A claim for wages under this Act shall be extinguished by prescription, unless exercised within three years.
Payment of wages shall be directly made in full to employees in currency: Provided, That if otherwise prescribed by statutes or by a collective agreement, wages may partially be deducted or may be paid by means other than currency.
Wages shall be paid at least once per month on a fixed day: Provided, That this shall not apply to extraordinary wages, allowances, or other similar payments, or those wages prescribed by Presidential Decree.
This Act shall apply to all businesses or workplaces in which not less than five employees are regularly employed: Provided, That this Act shall neither apply to any business or workplace in which only the employer's blood relatives living together are engaged, nor to servants hired for the employer's domestic works.
With respect to a business or workplace in which not more than four employees are regularly employed, some provisions of this Act may apply as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
In applying this Act, the method of calculating the number of employees regularly employed shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree. Newly Inserted by Act No. 8960, Mar. 21, 2008
Korean nationals who reside within Korea shall become the insured of the health insurance (hereinafter referred to as "the insured") or their dependents: Provided, That this shall not apply to any of the following persons: Amended by Act No. 13985, Feb. 3, 2016
Persons who receive medical aid under the Medical Care Assistance Act (hereinafter referred to as "eligible recipient")
Persons who receive medical care under the Act on the Honorable Treatment of Persons of Distinguished Service to Independence or the Act on the Honorable Treatment of and Support for Persons of Distinguished Service to the State (hereinafter referred to as "persons eligible for medical care for distinguished service"): Provided, That any of the following persons shall be the insured or a dependent:
(a) A person, from among persons eligible for medical care for distinguished service, who requests the insurer to provide him or her with health insurance cover
(b) A person who does not request the insurer that he or she be excluded from health insurance cover, despite a change in his or her status from a person under the coverage of the health insurance to a person eligible for medical care for distinguished service.
Dependents of the insured referred to in paragraph (1) refers to any of the following persons who are supported mainly by the employee insured and whose income or property falls below the standards prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare: Amended by Act No. 14776, Apr. 18, 2017
Spouses of the employee insured
Lineal ascendants of the employee insured (including lineal ascendants of their spouses)
Lineal descendants (including lineal descendants of their spouses) and their spouses of the employee insured
Siblings of the employee insured.
The standards to determine the eligibility of the dependent referred to in paragraph (2), date of acquisition or loss of such eligibility, and other necessary matters shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare.
The insured shall be divided into the employee insured and the self-employed insured.
Workers and employers of all workplaces and public officials and school employees shall become the employee insured: Provided, That any of the following persons shall be excluded herefrom: Amended by Act No. 14183, May 29, 2016
Daily-paid workers who are employed for a period of less than one month
Soldiers in active service under the Military Service Act (including staff sergeants appointed without volunteering), secondment personnel, and candidates for military officers
Public officials who assume office by winning an election, and who do not receive monthly remuneration or salary equivalent thereto
Workers and employers of workplaces prescribed by Presidential Decree, in light of the characteristics of workplace, forms of employment, types of business and other matters, and public officials and school employees.
Persons who are neither the employee insured nor their dependents shall be the self-employed insured.
Deleted. By Act No. 15874, Dec. 11, 2018
The insured shall become eligible as the employee insured or the self-employed insured on the day he or she takes residence in the country: Provided, That a person who falls under any of the following subparagraphs shall become eligible for each on the applicable day:
For a former eligible recipient, on the day when he or she becomes excluded from such eligibility
For a former dependent of the employee insured, on the day when he or she loses his or her eligibility
For a person formerly eligible for medical care for distinguished service, on the day when he or she is excluded from such eligibility
For a person eligible for medical care for distinguished service who requests the insurer for coverage under the health insurance under Article 5 (1) 2 (a), on the day when the request is made.
If a person becomes eligible pursuant to paragraph (1), the employer of the relevant employee insured or the head of the household of the relevant self-employed insured shall report the particulars to the insurer, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare, within 14 days after the date of acquisition of the eligibility.
The insured shall lose his or her eligibility on the day he or she falls under any of the following subparagraphs:
The day immediately following the date of his or her death
The day immediately following the day he or she loses his or her nationality
The day immediately following the day he or she ceases to reside within the country
The day he or she becomes a dependent of the employee insured
The day he or she becomes an eligible recipient
The day a person formerly covered by health insurance makes a request for exclusion from coverage of the health insurance as he or she became a person eligible for medical care for distinguished service.
If eligibility is lost pursuant to paragraph (1), the employer of the relevant employee insured or the head of a household of the self-employed insured concerned shall report the particulars to the insurer, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare, within 14 days after the date of loss of the eligibility.
From among the persons whose employment relationship has expired, those whose total period of having retained eligibility for the employee insured is not less than one year during the period determined by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare may file an application with the NHIS for retaining his or her eligibility as the employee insured by the date two months elapse after the due date for the payment of the insurance contributions stated in the first notice he or she receives as the self-employed insured under Article 79. Amended by Act No. 11787, May 22, 2013 Act No. 15348, Jan. 16, 2018
Notwithstanding Article 9, the insured who files an application with the NHIS under paragraph (1) (hereinafter referred to as "voluntarily continuous insured person") shall retain his or her eligibility during the period prescribed by Presidential Decree: Provided, That where he or she fails to pay the first insurance contributions of the employee insured to be paid after the filing of an application under paragraph (1) until two months elapse after the due date therefor, his or her eligibility shall be suspended. Newly Inserted by Act No. 11787, May 22, 2013
The amount of monthly remuneration of a voluntarily continuous insured person shall be the average amount of his or her monthly remuneration in recent 12 months during which the amounts of insurance contributions based on monthly remuneration have been calculated Amended by Act No. 11787, May 22, 2013 Act No. 15348, Jan. 16, 2018
Part of the insurance contributions of a voluntarily continuos insured person may be reduced, as publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare.
Total amount of the insurance contributions of voluntarily continuos insured persons shall be borne and paid by them notwithstanding Articles 76 (1) and 77 (1) 1.
Where a voluntarily continuos insured person fails to pay the insurance contributions by a payment due date, Article 53 (3), (5) and (6) of shall apply mutatis mutandis. In such cases, the terms, "per household insurance contributions referred to in Article 69 (5)" shall be construed as "insurance contributions pursuant to Article 110 (5)". Amended by Act No. 11787, May 22, 2013
Matters relating to the methods of and procedures for filing applications to become a voluntarily continuos insured person and other relevant matters shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare.
The National Health Insurance Service shall issue a health insurance card upon application by the insured or his or her dependent. Amended by Act No. 15874, Dec. 11, 2018
When the insured or his or her dependent receives health care benefits, he or she shall present the insurance card referred to in paragraph (1) to a health care institution referred to in Article 42 (1) (hereinafter referred to as "health care institution"): Provided, That this shall not apply if an unavoidable circumstance such as a natural disaster exists.
Notwithstanding the main sentence of paragraph (2), if it is possible for a health care institution to ascertain his or her eligibility using his or her resident registration certificate, driver's license, passport, or other identification cards prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare (hereinafter referred to as "identification cards") to verify his or her identity, the insured or a dependent need not submit his or her health insurance card.
Neither the insured nor his or her dependent may receive insurance benefits after losing his or her eligibility under Article 10 (1) using a document that had been used to certify his or her eligibility before. Newly Inserted by Act No. 11787, May 22, 2013
No person is allowed to arrange another person to receive insurance benefits by transferring or lending his or her health insurance card or identification card. Newly Inserted by Act No. 11787, May 22, 2013
No person is allowed to receive insurance benefits by transferring, borrowing, or fraudulently using another person's health insurance card or identification card.
Matters necessary for the procedures and methods for application and the form for the health insurance card referred to in paragraph (1) and issuing and using it shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Amended by Act No. 15874, Dec. 11, 2018
A person who divulges personal information of the insured or their dependents, uses such information for any purpose other than to perform his or her duties or provides such information to a third party without any justifiable grounds in violation of subparagraph 1 of Article 102 shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than five years, or by a fine not exceeding 50 million won. Newly Inserted by Act No. 14084, Mar. 22, 2016 Act No. 16366, Apr. 23, 2019
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than three years, or by a fine not exceeding 30 million won: Amended by Act No. 14084, Mar. 22, 2016 Act No. 16366, Apr. 23, 2019
A person who works for a claim processing agency and files a claim for costs of health care benefits by fraud or other improper means
A person who divulges any information learned in the course of performing his or her duties, uses such information for any purpose other than to perform his or her duties or provides such information to a third party, in violation of subparagraph 2 of Article 102.
A person who receives or arranges another person to receive insurance benefits by fraud or other improper means shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than two years, or by a fine not exceeding 20 million won. Newly Inserted by Act No. 16366, Apr. 23, 2019
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than one year, or by a fine not exceeding 10 million won: Amended by Act No. 11787, May 22, 2013 Act No. 14084, Mar. 22, 2016 Act No. 16366, Apr. 23, 2019
The founder of a health care institution who provides selective benefit, in violation of Article 42-2 (1) or (3)
A person who permits any other person who is not a claim processing agency to vicariously examine such claims, in violation of Article 47 (6)
An employer who violates Article 93
The founder of a health care institution, who violates Article 98 (2)
Deleted. by Act No. 16366, Apr. 23, 2019
In addition to the health care benefits prescribed in this Act, the NHIS may provide benefits for medical expenses for pregnancy and childbirth, funeral costs, sickness allowances, and other allowances, as prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 11787, May 22, 2013
The NHIS shall provide health checkups for the insured and their dependents in order to facilitate early detection of diseases and provide subsequent health care benefits.
The types of and candidates for health checkups under paragraph (1) are as follows: Newly Inserted by Act No. 15874, Dec. 11, 2018
General health checkups: The employee insured, the self-employed insured who is the head of a household, the self-employed insured of 20 years of age and over, and a dependent of 20 years of age and over
Cancer checkups: A person who meets a checkup cycle, age standard, etc. by type of cancer under Article 11 (2) of the Cancer Control Act
Infant health checkups: The insured and a dependent under the age of six.
The items of health checkups under paragraph (1) shall be designed based on personal characteristics, such as gender and age, and life cycle. Newly Inserted by Act No. 15874, Dec. 11, 2018
Frequency of and procedures for the health checkup referred to in paragraph (1), and other necessary matters shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 15874, Dec. 11, 2018
If a person eligible to receive insurance benefits falls under any of the following subparagraphs, the NHIS shall not provide any insurance benefit:
Where he or she has caused criminal conduct by intention or gross negligence or caused an accident by intention
Where he or she has failed to follow health care-related instructions of the NHIS or the health care institution by intention or gross negligence
Where he or she has refused to submit the documents referred to in Article 55 or other items or evaded questions or medical checkups by intention or gross negligence
Where he or she receives or is eligible to receive insurance benefits or compensations under other statutes due to a disease, injury, or disaster incurred relating to his or her business or in the line of duty.
When a person eligible for health care benefits has received, from the State or a local government, benefits equivalent to the health care benefits or expenses equivalent to the costs of health care benefits under the provisions of other statutes, the NHIS shall not provide insurance benefits up to the limit of such amount.
Where the insured fails to pay any of the following insurance contributions for a period prescribed by Presidential Decree, the NHIS may not provide insurance benefits to the insured or his or her dependents until the delinquent insurance contributions are paid in full: Provided, That this shall not apply where the total number of failure to pay monthly insurance contributions (delinquent insurance contributions which have already been paid shall be excluded in calculating the total number of failure, and the period of delinquency in paying insurance contributions shall not be taken into consideration) is below the number prescribed by Presidential Decree, or the income and property of the insured and his or her dependents are below the standard prescribed by Presidential Decree: Amended by Act No. 15874, Dec. 11, 2018
Insurance contributions based on monthly income referred to in Article 69 (4) 2
Insurance contributions per household referred to in Article 69 (5).
Where an employer liable to pay insurance contributions under Article 77 (1) 1 is delinquent in paying the insurance contributions based on monthly remuneration referred to in Article 69 (4) 1, paragraph (3) shall apply only if such delinquency is attributable to the employee insured himself or herself. In such cases, the dependents of the relevant employee insured shall also be subject to paragraph (3). Amended by Act No. 16366, Apr. 23, 2019
Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraphs (3) and (4), where approval for the installment payment from the NHIS pursuant to the provisions of Article 82 is obtained and the approved insurance contributions are paid at least once, the insurance benefits may be provided: Provided, That the same shall not apply where anyone who has obtained approval for the installment payment pursuant to the provisions of Article 82 fails to pay the approved insurance contributions at least five times (if the number of installments approved under paragraph (1) of the same Article is less than five times, it means the number of installments hereafter the same shall apply in this Article) without any justifiable grounds therefor. Amended by Act No. 16366, Apr. 23, 2019
The insurance benefits received in the period during which no insurance benefits are to be provided pursuant to paragraphs (3) and (4) (hereafter referred to as "benefit suspension period" in this paragraph) shall be recognized as insurance benefits only in the following cases: Amended by Act No. 16366, Apr. 23, 2019
Where the insurance contributions in arrears are fully paid by the due date for its payment in the month to which the date two months lapse from the date when the NHIS has served notice that insurance benefits were received during the benefit suspension period belongs
Where the insurance contributions for which installment payment is approved pursuant to Article 82 are paid at least once by the due date for its payment in the month to which the date two months lapse from the date when the NHIS has served notice that insurance benefits were paid during the benefit suspension period belongs: Provided, That where anyone who has obtained approval for the installment payment pursuant to Article 82 fails to pay the approved insurance contributions on at least five times without justifiable grounds therefor, his or her eligibility for insurance benefits shall be denied.
If it is deemed necessary when providing insurance benefits, the NHIS may demand a person who receives insurance benefits to submit documents and other items or have such person be questioned or diagnosed by relevant personnel.
To meet the expenses incurred in relation to the health insurance program, the NHIS shall collect insurance contributions from the persons obligated to pay insurance contributions under in Article 77.
The insurance contributions referred to in paragraph (1) shall be collected from the month following that in which the date the insured becomes eligible falls until the month in which the date before the date the insured loses his or her eligibility falls: Provided, That where the eligibility of the insured is obtained on the first day of any month or upon his or her request for health insurance cover under Article 5 (1) 2 (a), the insurance contributions shall be collected from the relevant month. Amended by Act No. 16728, Dec. 3, 2019
In collecting insurance contributions pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2), where the eligibility of the insured has been altered, the insurance contributions of the month whereto belongs the altered day shall be collected on the basis of eligibility prior to such alteration: Provided, That where the eligibility of the insured is altered on the first day of any month, it shall be collected on the basis of the altered eligibility.
The amount of the monthly insurance contributions for the employee insured shall be the amount calculated as follows: Amended by Act No. 14776, Apr. 18, 2017
The amount of insurance contributions based on monthly remuneration: The amount obtained by multiplying the amount of monthly remuneration calculated under Article 70 by the insurance contribution rate under Article 73 (1) or (2)
The amount of insurance contributions based on the monthly income: The amount obtained by multiplying the amount of monthly income calculated under Article 71 by the insurance contribution rate under Article 73 (1) or (2).
The amount of the monthly insurance contributions for the self-employed insured shall be calculated per unit of household, but the insurance contributions per month for the household to which the self-employed insured belongs shall be the amount obtained by multiplying the monetary value per contribution point under Article 73 (3) by the contribution points calculated under Article 72.
The upper limit and lower limit of the amount of the monthly insurance contributions under paragraphs (4) and (5) shall be set in accordance with the standards prescribed by Presidential Decree, based on the amount equivalent to a specified ratio of the average insurance contribution of the insured. Newly Inserted by Act No. 14776, Apr. 18, 2017
When a person eligible to receive insurance benefits falls under any of the following subparagraphs, no insurance benefit shall be provided during the relevant period: Provided, That in cases falling under subparagraphs 3 and 4, the health care benefits under Article 60 shall be provided: Amended by Act No. 17196, Apr. 7, 2020
Deleted by Act No. 17196, Apr. 7, 2020
When he or she is staying abroad
When he or she falls under Article 6 (2) 2
When he or she is committed to a correctional institution or equivalent facilities.
Regarding the insured prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare from among the following insured, part of the insurance contributions of the insured or the households to which the insured belongs may be reduced:
Persons who reside on islands, or in remote areas or agricultural and fishery communities, etc. prescribed by Presidential Decree
Persons who are at least 65 years old
Disabled persons who are registered pursuant to the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities
Persons who have rendered distinguished service for the State, provided for in Article 4 (1) 4, 6, 12, 15, or 17 of the Act on the Honorable Treatment of and Support for Persons, Etc. of Distinguished Service to the State
Persons who take a leave of absence from office
Other persons determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare as the persons whose insurance contributions need to be reduced on the grounds of the economic hardship and natural disaster, etc.
Where a person obligated to pay insurance contributions under Article 77 falls under any of the following, he or she may be granted such financial benefits as reduction of insurance contributions, as prescribed by Presidential Decree: Newly Inserted by Act No. 11787, May 22, 2013 Act No. 16366, Apr. 23, 2019
Where he or she receives a billing of insurance contributions by means of an electronic document under Article 79 (2)
Where he or she pays insurance contributions by means of automatic transfer from bank account or credit card.
Methods of and procedures for reducing insurance contributions under paragraph (1) and other necessary matters shall be determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare.
Where the employee insured falls under any of subparagraphs 2 through 4 of Article 54 (in cases falling under subparagraph 2 of the same Article, limited to where he or she is staying abroad for a period of at least one month prescribed by Presidential Decree: hereafter in this Article the same shall apply), the NHIS shall exempt him or her from payment of insurance contributions: Provided, That the employee insured falling under subparagraph 2 of Article 54 shall be exempted from paying insurance contributions only if he or she does not have any dependent who resides within Korea. Amended by Act No. 17196, Apr. 7, 2020
Where the self-employed insured falls under any of subparagraphs 2 through 4 of Article 54, contribution points referred to in Article 72 shall be excluded from calculation of the insurance contributions for the household to which such insured belongs.
For the exemption of insurance contributions under paragraph (1) or the contribution point to be excluded from the computation of insurance contributions under paragraph (2), it shall apply from the month following the month whereto belongs the day on which the grounds for suspension of benefits falling under any of subparagraphs 2 through 4 of Article 54 occur to the month whereto belongs the day on which the grounds cease to exist: Provided, That where any of the following subparagraphs applies, the insurance contributions of relevant month shall not be exempted, or the contribution point shall not be exempted from the computation of insurance contributions: Amended by Act No. 17196, Apr. 7, 2020
Where the grounds for suspension of benefits cease to exist on the first day of each month
Where the insured or his or her dependent falling under subparagraph 2 of Article 54 enters Korea and receives insurance benefits in the month whereto belongs the date of entry, and then leaves Korea in the month.
The insurance contributions for the employee insured shall be borne, 50/100 each, by the employee insured and the person referred to in the following classifications: Provided, That where the employee insured is a school employee working for a private school, 50/100, 30/100, and 20/100 of the amount of the insurance contributions shall be borne by the said employee insured, the person prescribed in subparagraph 2 (c) of Article 3, and the State, respectively: Amended by Act No. 12176, Jan. 1, 2014
Where the employee insured is a worker: The employer prescribed in subparagraph 2 (a) of Article 3
Where the employee insured is a public official: The State or the local government to which that public official belongs
Where the employee insured is a school employee (excluding school employees working for private schools): The employer prescribed in subparagraph 2 (c) of Article 3.
Insurance contributions based on monthly income of the employee insured shall be borne by the employee insured.
The insurance contributions for the self-employed insured shall be borne jointly by all the self-employed insured who reside in the same household as the said insured does.
Where the employee insured is a school employee, and if an employee prescribed in subparagraph 2 (c) of Article 3 is unable to bear the whole amount to be borne, the deficiency may be made to be borne from the account of the school. Newly Inserted by Act No. 12176, Jan. 1, 2014
The definitions of the terms used in this Act shall be as follows:
The term "worker" means a person who, regardless of a type of his or her occupation, lives on remuneration received in return for his or her work (including a director or other executive officers of a corporation), except for a public official or a school employee
The term "employer" means a person who falls under any of the following items:
(a) The owner of the workplace at which a worker is employed
(b) The head of the organ by which a public official is employed, who is determined by Presidential Decree
(c) The person who establishes and operates a private school (referring to a private school referred to in Article 3 of the Pension for Private School Teachers and Staff Act hereafter the same shall apply in this Article) by which a school employee is employed
The term "workplace" means a place of business or office
The term "public official" means a person who is a regular employee of the State or a local government providing civil service
The term "school employee" means a teacher at, or an employee of, a private school or an organization that manages the school.
Insurance contributions of the employee insured shall be paid by the person as follows pursuant to the following classifications:
Insurance contributions based on monthly remuneration: In such cases, where the workplace has more than two employers, the employers of the workplace shall jointly pay the insurance contributions of the relevant employee insured
Insurance contributions based on monthly income: The employee insured.
Insurance contributions of the self-employed insured shall be paid jointly by all the self-employed insured of a household to which the insured belong: Provided, That minors who have no income or property and minors who meet the criteria prescribed by Presidential Decree in consideration of income, property, etc., shall not be liable to pay insurance contributions. Amended by Act No. 14776, Apr. 18, 2017
An employer shall pay the portion of the insurance contributions for the month to be borne by the employee insured out of the insurance contributions based on monthly remuneration by deducting it from his or her remunerations. In such cases, the employer shall inform the employee insured of the amount of deduction.
Where a person who is liable to pay insurance contributions, etc. pursuant to Articles 57, 77, 77-2, 78-2, and 101 fails to pay the insurance contributions, etc., the NHIS may make overdue notice by the specified period. In such cases, where the number of employers of the employee insured is at least two, or the household of the self-employed insured consists of at least two members, overdue notice made to any of the employers or any of the household members shall be deemed effective regarding the other employers of the relevant workplace or the other self-employed insured who are the members of the household. Amended by Act No. 13985, Feb. 3, 2016 Act No. 14084, Mar. 22, 2016
Where overdue notice is made under paragraph (1), a payment period of at least 10 days, but not more than 15 days shall be determined and a letter of overdue notice shall be issued.
Where a person who receives overdue notice referred to in paragraph (1) fails to pay the insurance contributions, etc. by the payment deadline, the NHIS may collect it in the same manner as national taxes in arrears are collected, after obtaining approval from the Minister of Health and Welfare.
The NHIS shall, before taking a disposition on delinquency pursuant to paragraph (3), send a written notice containing the details of payment in arrears of the insurance contributions, etc., the kinds of seizable property, the fact of planned seizure, and the fact of prohibition of the seizure of small financial property under subparagraph 14 of Article 31 of the National Tax Collection Act: Provided, That this shall not apply in cases determined by Presidential Decree where it is necessary to urgently take a disposition on delinquency, such as in cases of dissolution of a corporation. Newly Inserted by Act No. 15535, Mar. 27, 2018
Where the NHIS determines that an asset seized in the same manner as national taxes in arrears are collected under paragraph (3) is not appropriate to be auctioned directly by it because expert knowledge is necessary for the public auction or because of other special circumstances, the NHIS may have the Korea Asset Management Corporation established under the Act on the Establishment of Korea Asset Management Corporation (hereinafter referred to as the "Korea Asset Management Corporation") conduct the auction on behalf of the NHIS, and in which case the auction shall be deemed to have been conducted by the NHIS. Amended by Act No. 16652, Nov. 26, 2019
Where the Korea Asset Management Corporation conducts an auction on behalf of the NHIS under paragraph (5), the NHIS may pay a fee, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Amended by Act No. 15535, Mar. 27, 2018
A person not satisfied with the decisions of the NHIS on the eligibility, insurance contributions, etc., insurance benefits, and insurance benefit costs for the insured or his or her dependents, may formally raise an objection to the NHIS.
The NHIS, a health care institution, or other entity not satisfied with the decisions of the Review and Assessment Service on evaluation, etc. of the appropriateness of the costs of health care benefits and health care benefits may formally raise an objection to the Review and Assessment Service.
Any objection referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) (hereinafter referred to as "filing of objection") shall be filed in writing within 90 days after the date the person became aware of such decision and shall not be filed after 180 days from the date the decision is made: Provided, That this shall not apply where an explanation is made that the objection within the relevant period could not be raised due to a legitimate reason.
Notwithstanding the main sentence of paragraph (3), where a health care institution intends to file an objection to the verification of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service referred to in Article 48, it shall do so within 30 days from the date it receives notice referred to in paragraph (2) of the same Article.
Except as provided in paragraphs (1) through (4), matters necessary for the method of raising an objection and decision thereon, and notice of the decision, etc., shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
A person who appeals against a decision on an objection filed may request the Health Insurance Dispute Mediation Committee for a trial pursuant to Article 89. In such cases, Article 87 (3) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a request for trial.
A person who intends to request a trial pursuant to paragraph (1) shall submit a request for trial prescribed by Presidential Decree to the NHIS or the Review and Assessment Service, whichever of the two made a decision pursuant to Article 87 (1) or (2) or with the Health Insurance Dispute Mediation Committee under Article 89.
Except as provided in paragraphs (1) and (2), matters necessary for the procedure and method for filing a request for trial, decision, notification of such decision, etc., shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
The Government may arrange for separate health insurance for the workers at a workplace where a foreign government is the employer, in consultation with the foreign government.
An overseas Korean national or a foreigner residing in the Republic of Korea (hereinafter referred to as "foreigner, etc. residing in Korea") who is an employee, public official, or school employee of a workplace of eligible persons shall become the employee insured, notwithstanding Article 5, if he or she does not fall under any subparagraph of Article 6 (2) but falls under any of the following: Amended by Act No. 14084, Mar. 22, 2016
A person who is registered pursuant to Article 6 (1) 3 of the Resident Registration Act
A person who has reported on his or her place of residence in Korea pursuant to Article 6 of the Act on the Immigration and Legal Status of Overseas Koreans
A person who has filed for alien registration pursuant to Article 31 of the Immigration Act.
Where a foreigner, etc. residing in Korea who does not fall under the employee insured referred to in paragraph (2) satisfies all the following requirements, he or she shall become the self-employed insured, notwithstanding Article 5: Newly Inserted by Act No. 14084, Mar. 22, 2016 Act No. 16238, Jan. 15, 2019
The relevant person shall fall under the ground prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare that he or she resided in Korea during the period prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare or is expected to reside therein continuously during the relevant period
The relevant person shall fall under any of the following:
(a) A person specified in paragraph (2) 1 or 2
(b) A person who has filed for alien registration pursuant to Article 31 of the Immigration Act and holds the status of sojourn prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare.
Where a foreigner, etc. residing in Korea who falls under any subparagraph of paragraph (2) satisfies all the following requirements, he or she may become a dependent, notwithstanding Article 5, if he or she files an application with the NHIS: Newly Inserted by Act No. 14084, Mar. 22, 2016
The relevant person's relationship with the employee insured shall fall under any subparagraph of Article 5 (2)
The relevant person shall meet the standards for determination of the dependent eligibility referred to in Article 5 (3).
Notwithstanding paragraphs (2) through (4), no foreigner, etc. residing in Korea shall become the insured or a dependent if he or she falls under any of the following cases: Newly Inserted by Act No. 14084, Mar. 22, 2016 Act No. 16238, Jan. 15, 2019
Where the relevant person's stay in Korea violates any Act and any ground prescribed by Presidential Decree exists
Where a foreigner, etc. residing in Korea is eligible for medical guarantee equivalent to health care benefits referred to in Article 41 in accordance with foreign statutes, a foreign insurance or a contract concluded with his or her employer, and thus the employer or insured requests the exclusion of him or her from the insured, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare.
Articles 5 through 11 shall apply mutatis mutandis to matters necessary for the timing, procedures, etc. for acquisition and loss of the eligibility of the insured or dependents by foreigners, etc. residing in Korea, except as otherwise expressly provided for in paragraphs (2) through (5): Provided, That matters to be expressly provided for in consideration of the nature of foreigners, etc. residing in Korea may be otherwise prescribed by Presidential Decree. Newly Inserted by Act No. 14084, Mar. 22, 2016
Where a foreigner, etc. residing in Korea who is the insured acquires the eligibility of the self-employed insured after the second day of any month and loses the eligibility in the month in which the date he or she acquired the eligibility falls, due to any ground publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare, the insurance contributions for the month in which the date the eligibility was acquired falls shall be imposed and collected, notwithstanding the main sentence of Article 69 (2). Newly Inserted by Act No. 14084, Mar. 22, 2016
The insurance contributions for the self-employed insured who fall under foreigners, etc. residing in Korea (limited to those subject to the proviso of paragraph (9)) shall be paid by the 25th day of the immediately preceding month, notwithstanding the main sentence of Article 78 (1): Provided, That in any of the following cases, the insurance contributions shall be paid as determined by the NHIS: Newly Inserted by Act No. 14084, Mar. 22, 2016 Act No. 16238, Jan. 15, 2019
Where the insurance contributions for the month in which the date the eligibility is acquired falls are collected
Where the eligibility is acquired during the period from the 26th day to the end of any month.
Except as provided in paragraphs (7) and (8), Articles 69 through 86 shall apply mutatis mutandis to matters on the imposition and collection of insurance contributions for foreigners, etc. residing in Korea who are the insured: Provided, That matters on the imposition and collection of insurance contributions for foreigners, etc. residing in Korea prescribed by Presidential Decree may be otherwise determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare, taking into account their nature. Newly Inserted by Act No. 14084, Mar. 22, 2016
Where a foreigner, etc. residing in Korea (limited to those subject to the proviso of paragraph (9)) who is the self-employed insured fails to pay insurance contributions, the NHIS shall not provide insurance benefits until the delinquent insurance contributions are paid in full, beginning with the date the foreigner, etc. falls into arrears, notwithstanding Article 53 (3). In such cases, the proviso of Article 53 (3), with the exception of its subparagraphs, and paragraphs (5) and (6) of the same Article shall not apply. Newly Inserted by Act No. 16238, Jan. 15, 2019
Where an employer of a workplace falls under any of the following subparagraphs, he or she shall report such fact to an insurer, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare within 14 days thereafter. This shall also apply where any matter reported to the insurer is changed because he or she falls under subparagraph 1:
Where his or her workplace becomes a workplace using employees, public officials, and school employees who become the employee insured pursuant to Article 6 (2) (hereinafter referred to as "workplace of eligible persons")
Where a cause prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare exists, such as suspension or closure of business.
The purpose of this Act is to improve citizens' health and promote social security by providing citizens with insurance benefits for the prevention, diagnosis, and medical treatment of and rehabilitation from diseases and injury, for childbirth and death, and for improvement of health.
"Who is determined by Presidential Decree" in subparagraph 2 (b) of Article 3 of the National Health Insurance Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Act") means heads of organizations referred to in attached Table 1: Provided, That when deemed necessary for efficiently dealing with the health insurance service, the National Health Insurance Service referred to in Article 13 of the Act (hereinafter referred to as the "NHIS") may separately designate the head of an organ that belongs to the head of an institution set forth in attached Table 1 as the head of an organ who is an employer, in consideration of the location of the organization, the number of its personnel and other conditions.
"Public officials who belong to central administrative agencies prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 4 (4) 4 (a) of the Act means public officials, each one of whom is nominated by the head of an administrative agency for which he or she works, from among the public officials of Grade III who belong to the Ministry of Economy and Finance, or the Ministry of Health and Welfare or the public officials in general service who belong to the Senior Executive Service.
The Chairperson of the Dispute Mediation Committee shall be appointed by the President upon the recommendation of the Minister of Health and Welfare, and its members shall be appointed or commissioned by the Minister of Health and Welfare, from among the following persons: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25429, Jun. 30, 2014
A current or former public official of Grade IV or higher or public official in general service belonging to the Senior Executive Service
A person qualified as a judge, public prosecutor or lawyer
An associate professor or a person holding a higher position in a field related to social insurances or medical treatment at a school listed in subparagraphs 1 through 3 of Article 2 of the Higher Education Act
A person with extensive knowledge on and experience in social insurance or medical treatment.
A public official in charge of the duty regarding requests for trials under Article 88 of the Act shall become the ex officio member prescribed in Article 89 (2) of the Act among the members referred to in paragraph (1) 1.
Additional benefits prescribed in Article 50 of the Act mean medical expenses for pregnancy and delivery (including miscarriage and stillbirth hereinafter the same shall apply). Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28317, Sep. 19, 2017
A person eligible for the medical expenses for pregnancy and delivery prescribed in paragraph (1) shall be as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018
An insured person who is pregnant or gave birth to a baby, or her dependents
Legal representative (limited to where the insured person gave birth to a baby or her dependents died) of the insured or his or her dependents under one year of age (hereinafter referred to as infants and young children under one year of age).
The NHIS may issue a person falling under any subparagraph of paragraph (2) with treatment coupons for medical expenses for pregnancy and delivery which can be used to pay any of the following expenses: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018
Expenses incurred in relation to medical treatment related to pregnancy and delivery
Expenses incurred in relation to medical treatment for infants and young children under one year of age
Expenses incurred in purchasing medicines or materials for medical treatment prescribed for infants and young children under one year of age.
A person who intends to be issued with treatment coupons (hereafter referred to as applicant in this Article) shall submit an application for issuance prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare, along with a certificate verifying that the applicant falls under any subparagraph of paragraph (2). Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018
Upon receipt of an application for issuance of treatment coupons prescribed in paragraph (4), the NHIS shall issue the applicant with the coupons after verifying that he or she falls under any subparagraph of paragraph (2). Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018
The period of using treatment coupons shall be from the date of being issued with the treatment coupons pursuant to paragraph (5) until any of the following days: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018
The insured who is pregnant or gave birth to a baby, or her dependents: A date when one year has elapsed from the date of childbirth (in cases of miscarriage and stillbirth, the relevant date)
Legal representative of infants and young children under one year of age: A date when one year has elapsed from the date of birth of infants and young children under one year of age.
The upper limit of payable amount of a treatment coupon shall be as follows: Provided, That if deemed necessary and publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare, the payable amount may exceed the following upper limits: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018
In cases of being pregnant with or giving birth to a fetus: 600,000 won
In cases of being pregnant with or giving birth to at least two fetuses: 1,000,000 won.
Except as provided in paragraphs (2) through (7), matters necessary for the procedures for and methods of the payment of the medical expenses for pregnancy and delivery, the issuance and use of treatment coupons, and other relevant matters shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 27296, Jun. 30, 2016
The term of office for members of the Dispute Mediation Committee shall be three years: Provided, That the term of office for public officials, from among the members set forth in Article 62 (1) 1, shall be the period of service at the relevant post.
"Minors who meet the criteria prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the proviso of Article 77 (2) of the Act means any of the following: Provided, That a minor with income generated from business for which he or she was registered as a business entity pursuant to Article 168 (1) of the Income Tax Act, as dividend income prescribed in Article 41 (1) 2 or business income prescribed in Article 41 (1) 3 shall be excluded herefrom: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 26743, Dec. 22, 2015 Presidential Decree No. 29409, Dec. 24, 2018
A minor who meets all of the following requirements:
(a) The total of income referred to in Article 42 (1) 1 shall be not more than one million won per year
(b) The minor shall not have property referred to in Article 42 (3) 1 and 3, among property referred to in Article 42 (1) 2
A minor whose both parents have died and who meets the requirements prescribed in subparagraph 1 (a).
The NHIS shall appropriate a refund under Article 86 (1) of the Act in the following order, pursuant to the former part of Article 86 (2) of the same Act: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 27508, Sep. 22, 2016
Where insurance contributions and subsequent arrears are overpaid or erroneously paid:
Where payment of collection under Article 57 of the Act (hereafter referred to as "payment of collection" in this subparagraph) and subsequent arrears are overpaid or erroneously paid:
Where additional dues and subsequent arrears are overpaid or erroneously paid:
(a) Expenses for disposition on default
(b) Insurance contributions in arrear and subsequent arrears
(c) Insurance contributions to be paid for the next one month (limited to where a person who is able to receive the balance remaining after the appropriation under the former part of Article 86 (2) of the Act has consented thereto)
(a) Expenses for disposition on default
(b) Amount of collection in arrear and subsequent arrears
(a) Expenses for disposition on default
(b) Additional dues in arrear and subsequent arrears.
Where a balance exists after a refund is appropriated pursuant to paragraph (1) 1 through 3, the NHIS may appropriate it in the order classified as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 27508, Sep. 22, 2016
Where a balance exists after a refund is appropriated pursuant to paragraph (1) 1: It shall be appropriated in the order of each item under paragraph (1) 2, and then in the order of each item under paragraph (1) 3
Where a balance exists after a refund is appropriated pursuant to paragraph (1) 2: It shall be appropriated in the order of each item under paragraph (1) 1, and then in the order of each item under paragraph (1) 3
Where a balance exists after a refund is appropriated pursuant to paragraph (1) 3: It shall be appropriated in the order of each item under paragraph (1) 1, and then in the order of each item under paragraph (1) 2.
The Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries may determine packaging and grade standards (hereinafter referred to as "standards") for agricultural and fishery products to enhance the merchantable quality of agricultural and fishery products (excluding livestock products hereafter the same shall apply in this Article), improve the efficiency of the distribution thereof, and facilitate fair trade. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
A person who ships agricultural and fishery products meeting the standards (hereinafter referred to as "standardized products") may indicate "standardized products" on the surface of the packaging thereof.
Matters necessary for criteria and procedures for the establishment of standards, methods of indication thereof, etc. shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than three years or by a fine not exceeding 30 million won: Amended by Act No. 11459, Jun. 1, 2012 Act No. 12510, Mar. 24, 1014 Act No. 13268, Mar. 27, 2015 Act No. 15068, Nov. 28, 2017
A person who affixes a label indicating products labeled good or a similar label to agricultural and fishery products (including agricultural products not approved under Article 7 (4), in cases of agricultural products not bearing Good Practices certification) or processed agricultural and fishery products though they are not labeled good, in violation of Article 29 (1) 1
1-2. A person who advertises agricultural and fishery products (including agricultural products not approved under Article 7 (4), in cases of agricultural products not bearing Good Practices certification) or processed agricultural and fishery products as products labeled good, though they are not products labeled as good, or who advertises such products to be misled as products labeled good, in violation of Article 29 (1) 1
A person who does any of the following acts, in violation of Article 29 (2):
(a) Selling agricultural and fishery products labeled as standardized products pursuant to Article 5 (2) mixed with non-standardized products, or storing or displaying such products for sale, mixed with agricultural and fishery products labeled as standardized products
(b) Selling agricultural products labeled as Good Practices-certified products pursuant to Article 6 (6) mixed with non-certified products, or storing or displaying such products for sale, mixed with agricultural products labeled as Good Practices-certified products
(c) Selling fishery products labeled as quality-certified products pursuant to Article 14 (3) mixed with non-certified products, or storing or displaying such products for sale, mixed with fishery products labeled as quality-certified products
(d) Deleted by Act No. 11459, Jun. 1, 2012
(e) Selling agricultural products labeled as traceable products pursuant to Article 24 (4) mixed with non-registered agricultural products or processed agricultural products, or storing or displaying such products for sale, mixed with agricultural products labeled as traceable products
A person who labels a geographical indication or similar indication on the packaging, containers, advertising materials, or related documents of agricultural and fishery products or processed agricultural and fishery products not bearing a geographical indication, in violation of Article 38 (1)
A person who sells products bearing a geographical indication mixed with agricultural and fishery products or processed agricultural and fishery products not bearing a geographical indication, or stores or displays such products for sale, mixed with products bearing a geographical indication, in violation of Article 38 (2)
A person who discharges wastes defined in subparagraph 4 of Article 2 of the Marine Environment Management Act, harmful liquid substances defined in subparagraph 7 of the same Article, or harmful packaging materials defined in subparagraph 8 of the same Article, in violation of Article 73 (1) 1 or 2
A person who has agricultural products inspected pursuant to Article 79, agricultural products reinspected pursuant to Article 85, fishery products or processed fishery products inspected pursuant to Article 88, fishery products or processed fishery products reinspected pursuant to Article 96, or obtains certification pursuant to Article 98, by fraud or other improper means, in violation of subparagraph 1 of Article 101
A person who fails to have fishery products and processed fishery products subject to inspection inspected, in violation of subparagraph 2 of Article 101
A person who forges or alters an inspection indicator, certification, inspection certificate, or a certificate, in violation of subparagraph 3 of Article 101
A person who falsely or extravagantly advertises the results of certification, in violation of subparagraph 5 of Article 101.
The terms used in this Act shall be defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 11101, Nov. 22, 2011 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 13383, Jun. 22, 2015 Act No. 14293, Dec. 2, 2016
The term "agricultural and fishery products" means the following agricultural products and fishery products:
The term "producers' organization" means a producers' organization referred to in subparagraph 4 of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Agriculture, Rural Community and Food Industry or subparagraph 5 of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Fisheries and Fishing Villages Development and other organizations prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries
The term "logistics standardization" means methods for standardizing machinery and tools, containers, facilities, information, etc. used in each stage of logistics, such as the transport, storage, loading and unloading, and packaging of agricultural and fishery products, and facilitating the compatibility and interoperability thereof
The term "Good Agricultural Practices" means methods for appropriately managing risk factors, such as agricultural chemicals, heavy metals, persistent organic pollutants or harmful organisms that may remain in agricultural environments, such as farmland where crops are cultivated and agricultural water, and agricultural products in each stage of the production, management after harvest (including the storage, washing, drying, sorting, peeling, cutting, mixing and packaging of agricultural products), and distribution of agricultural products to ensure the safety of agricultural products (excluding livestock products hereafter the same shall apply in this subparagraph) and preserve agricultural environments
and 6. Deleted by Act No. 11459, Jun. 1, 2012
The term "traceability" means recording and managing information about agricultural and fishery products in each stage, from production to sales, where a problem related to the safety, etc. of agricultural and fishery products (excluding livestock products hereafter the same shall apply in this subparagraph) arises, in order to trace the relevant agricultural and fishery products, establish the cause thereof and take necessary measures
The term "geographical indication" means, where the reputation, quality and other distinctive features of agricultural and fishery products or processed agricultural and fishery products referred to in subparagraph 13 fundamentally result from the geographical characteristics of a specific region, an indication describing that the relevant agricultural and fishery products or processed agricultural and fishery products have been produced, made or processed in the specific region
The term "homonymic geographical indication" means, in a geographical indication of the same item, a geographical indication which has the same pronunciation as that of another person's geographical indication but the region of which is different
The term "protected geographical indication" means the intellectual property right to exclusively use a geographical indication registered under this Act (including homonymic geographical indications: hereinafter the same shall apply)
The term "genetically modified agricultural and fishery products" means agricultural and fishery products reinforced to have intended properties by artificially separating or recombining their genes
The term "harmful substances" means substances prescribed by Ordinance of the Prime Minister, such as agricultural chemicals, heavy metals, antibiotics, persistent organic pollutants, pathogenic microorganisms, mycotoxins, radioactive substances, and toxic substances, which may do harm to humans by remaining in or contaminating food
The term "processed agricultural and fishery products" means the following products:
Deleted. by Act No. 15068, Nov. 28, 2017
(a) An agricultural product: Any agricultural product referred to in subparagraph 6 (a) of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Agriculture, Rural Community and Food Industry
(b) A fishery product: Any fishery product referred to in subparagraph 1 (a) of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Fisheries and Fishing Villages Development (excluding salt referred to in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Salt Industry Promotion Act)
(a) A processed agricultural product: Any product processed with agricultural products as raw materials or materials
(b) A processed fishery product: Any product processed with fishery products according to the standards of the percentage of use or ingredient content of raw materials or materials prescribed by Presidential Decree
The Framework Act on Agriculture, Rural Community and Food Industry and the Framework Act on Fisheries and Fishing Villages Development shall apply to terms not defined separately in this Act. Amended by Act No. 13383, Jun. 22, 2015
No person shall do any of the following acts: Amended by Act No. 12510, Mar. 24, 1014 Act No. 13268, Mar. 27, 2015
Affixing a label indicating standardized products, Good Practices-certified agricultural products, quality-certified products, or traceable agricultural products (hereinafter referred to as "products labeled good") or any similar label to agricultural and fishery products (including agricultural products not approved pursuant to Article 7 (4), in cases of agricultural products not bearing Good Practices certification) or processed agricultural and fishery products, though they are not products to be labeled good
Advertizing agricultural and fishery products (including agricultural products not approved pursuant to Article 7 (4), in cases of agricultural products not bearing Good Practices certification) or processed agricultural and fishery products as products labeled good, though they are not products labeled good, or advertizing such products to be misled as products labeled good.
No person shall do any of the following acts: Amended by Act No. 12510, Mar. 24, 1014 Act No. 13268, Mar. 27, 2015 Act No. 15068, Nov. 28, 2017
Selling agricultural and fishery products labeled as standardized products pursuant to Article 5 (2) mixed with agricultural and fishery products or processed agricultural and fishery products not standardized, or storing or displaying such products for sale, mixed with agricultural and fishery products labeled as standardized products
Selling agricultural products labeled as Good Practices-certified products pursuant to Article 6 (6) mixed with agricultural products (including agricultural products not approved under Article 7 (4)) or processed agricultural products not certified, or storing or displaying such products for sale, mixed with agricultural products labeled as Good Practices-certified products
Selling fishery products or indigenous fishery products labeled as quality-certified products pursuant to Article 14 (3) mixed with fishery products not certified, or storing or displaying such products for sale, mixed with fishery products labeled as quality-certified products
Deleted by Act No. 11459, Jun. 1, 2012
Selling agricultural products labeled as traceable products pursuant to Article 24 (4) mixed with agricultural products or processed agricultural products for which traceability has not been registered, or storing or displaying such products for sale, mixed with agricultural products labeled as traceable products.
The period of validity of traceability registration under Article 24 (1) and (2) shall be three years from the date the relevant traceability system is registered: Provided, That where necessary to apply a separate period of validity according to characteristics of an item, the separate period of validity may be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs within ten years. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 13268, Mar. 27, 2015
A person who falls under any of the following cases shall renew traceability registration before the period of validity of traceability registration expires: Amended by Act No. 13268, Mar. 27, 2015
A person who has registered his or her traceability system pursuant to Article 24 (1) and intends to continuously implement traceability on the relevant agricultural products even after the period of validity expires
A person who has registered his or her traceability system pursuant to Article 24 (2) and intends to continuously produce, distribute, or sell the relevant agricultural products even after the period of validity expires.
Where a person who has registered his or her traceability system pursuant to Article 24 (1) and (2) fails to complete the shipment of the relevant products within the period of validity referred to in paragraph (1), he or she may extend the period of validity of traceability registration after passing the examination conducted by the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 13268, Mar. 27, 2015
Detailed matters necessary for procedures, etc. for renewing traceability registration and extending the period of validity thereof shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 13268, Mar. 27, 2015
The Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs shall determine and announce standards for Good Agricultural Practices (hereinafter referred to as "standards for Good Practices"). Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
A person who produces and manages agricultural products (excluding livestock products hereafter the same shall apply in this Article) in accordance with the standards for Good Practices or a person who packages and distributes agricultural products produced and managed in accordance with the standards for Good Practices may obtain certification of Good Agricultural Practices (hereinafter referred to as "certification of Good Practices") from a Good Agricultural Practices certification institution designated pursuant to Article 9 (hereinafter referred to as "Good Practices certification institution").
A person who intends to obtain certification of Good Practices shall file an application for certification of Good Practices with a Good Practices certification institution: Provided, That none of the following persons shall file an application to obtain certification of Good Practices:
A person in whose case one year has not passed since the certification of Good Practices was cancelled pursuant to Article 8 (1)
A person in whose case one year has not passed since a fine or heavier punishment was determined, in violation of Article 119 or 120.
Where a Good Practices certification institution receives an application for certification of Good Practices pursuant to paragraph (3), it shall examine whether the application meets the standards for Good Practices referred to in paragraph (7) and notify the applicant of the result thereof.
Where a Good Practices certification institution has granted certification of Good Practices pursuant to paragraph (4), it shall examine or inspect whether a person who has obtained the certification of Good Practices observes the standards for Good Practices, and if necessary, it may request him or her to submit data.
A person who has obtained certification of Good Practices may indicate the certification of Good Practices on the packaging, containers, invoices, statements of accounts, signboards, vehicles, etc. of agricultural products produced and managed in accordance with the standards for Good Practices (hereinafter referred to as "Good Practices-certified agricultural products").
Detailed matters necessary for certification of Good Practices, such as the standards for certification of Good Practices, items eligible therefor, procedures therefor, and methods of indication thereof, shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
A person who has registered a geographical indication (hereinafter referred to as "person entitled to a geographical indication") pursuant to Article 32 (7) shall be entitled to use a geographical indication on the items that he or she has registered.
Where a right to use a geographical indication falls under any of the following subparagraphs, it shall not take effect among the interested parties related to the following subparagraphs: Amended by Act No. 11458, Jun. 1, 2012
A homonymic geographical indication: Provided, That this shall not apply where it causes consumers to mistake a region different from the place of origin of the relevant goods for the place of origin because they firmly believe that the relevant geographical indication identifies goods of a specific region
A trademark registered or trademark, an application for which is being examined in accordance with the Trademark Act before an application for registration of a geographical indication is filed
The name of a variety registered or the name of a variety an application for which is being examined in accordance with the Seed Industry Act and the Act on the Protection of New Varieties of Plants before an application for registration of a geographical indication is filed
A geographical appellation used for items identical to agricultural and fishery products or processed agricultural and fishery products for which a geographical indication is registered pursuant to Article 32 (7) (hereinafter referred to as "products bearing a geographical indication") and also used for agricultural and fishery products or processed agricultural and fishery products produced in the region covered by such registration.
A person entitled to use a geographical indication may label a geographical indication on products bearing the geographical indication, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries: Provided, That in cases of ginseng products under the Ginseng Industry Act among the products bearing geographical indications, he or she may label a geographical indication including the word "Korea," such as "Korean ginseng," "Korean fresh ginseng," "Korean red ginseng," "Korean taegeuk ginseng," or "Korean white ginseng" on ginseng products and their containers, packaging, etc. in addition to the method of labeling prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
A person entitled to use a geographical indication may claim for prohibition or prevention of infringement on his or her right by persons who have infringed or are likely to infringe on his or her right.
Any of the following acts shall be deemed an infringement on a right to use a geographical indication:
Affixing a label identical or similar to a registered geographical indication label (in cases of a homonymic geographical indication, limited to the geographical indication that causes consumers to confuse a region different from the place of origin of the relevant goods with the place of origin because they are clearly aware that the relevant geographical indication identifies goods of a specific region) by a person not entitled to use the geographical indication to the products, packaging, containers, advertising materials, or related documents of an item identical or similar to the item registered
Forging or imitating a registered geographical indication label
Delivering, selling, or carrying products for the purposes of forging, or imitating a registered geographical indication label
Directly or indirectly utilizing items identical or similar to the products bearing a registered geographical indication for the commercial purpose impairing the reputation of the geographical indication.
A person entitled to use a geographical indication may claim damages from a person who infringes on his or her right to use the geographical indication intentionally or by negligence. In such cases, the person who has infringed on the right to use the geographical indication shall be presumed that he or she was already aware of that such geographical indication has been already registered.
Articles 110 and 114 of the Trademark Act shall apply mutatis mutandis to the estimation, etc. of the amount of loss referred to in paragraph (1). Amended by Act No. 14033, Feb. 29, 2016
Any of the following persons shall be punished by an administrative fine not exceeding ten million won: Amended by Act No. 14293, Dec. 2, 2016 Act No. 16277, Jan. 15, 2019
A person who refuses, interferes with or evades collection, examination, inspection, etc. conducted under Articles 13 (1), 19 (1), 30 (1), 39 (1), 58 (1), 62 (1), 76 (4) and 102 (1)
A person who has registered his or her traceability system pursuant to Article 24 (2), but fails to report a change, in violation of paragraph (3) of the same Article
A person who has registered his or her traceability system pursuant to Article 24 (2), but fails to affix a label of traceability, in violation of paragraph (4) of the same Article
A person who has registered his or her traceability system pursuant to Article 24 (2), but fails to meet the standards for traceability, in violation of paragraph (5) of the same Article
A person who fails to obey an order to correct the methods of indication issued under Article 31 (1) 3, or subparagraph 2 of Article 40
A person who fails to label genetically modified agricultural and fishery products, in violation of Article 56 (1)
A person who violates the methods of indicating genetically modified agricultural and fishery products prescribed in Article 56 (2).
Any of the following persons shall be punished by an administrative fine not exceeding one million won:
A person who raises livestock in aquaculture facilities, in violation of Article 73 (1) 3
A producer, processor, etc. who fails to report pursuant to Article 75 (1), or files a false report.
The Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs, the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries, and the Minister of Food and Drug Safety, or each Mayor/Do Governor shall impose and collect administrative fines prescribed in paragraphs (1) and (2), as prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Where a production or processing facility, etc. or a producer, processor, etc. falls under any of the following subparagraphs, the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries may order him or her to correct, restrict, or suspend the production, processing, shipment, or transport, or to improve or repair production or processing facilities, etc., or revoke his or her registration: Provided, That where he or she falls under subparagraph 1, the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries shall revoke his or her registration: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 16277, Jan. 15, 2019
Where he or she has made registration prescribed in Article 74 by fraud or other improper means
Where he or she fails to meet sanitary control standards
Where he or she fails to observe or unconscientiously observes the rules for Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points prescribed in Article 70 (1) and (2)
Where he or she refuses, interferes with, or evades an examination, inspection, etc. referred to in Article 76 (2) and (4) 1 (limited to part falling under paragraph (2))
Where a harmful substance is detected in fishery products and processed fishery products produced in production or processing facilities, etc.
Where he or she fails to obey an order to correct, restrict, or suspend production, processing, shipment, or transport, or an order to improve or repair production or processing facilities, etc. after receiving such order
Where the producer, processor, etc. have reported business closure to the head of the competent tax office pursuant to Article 8 of the Value-Added Tax Act or the head of the competent tax office has cancelled the business registration of the producer, processor, etc.
The Minister of Oceans and Fisheries may request the head of the competent tax office to provide information on the closure of a producer, processor, etc. or cancellation of business registration where necessary for revoking the registration of the producer, processor, etc. prescribed in paragraph (1). In such cases, upon receipt of such request, the head of the competent tax office shall provide the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries with information on the closure of the producer, processor, etc. or cancellation of business registration in accordance with Article 36 (1) of the Electronic Government Act. Newly Inserted by Act No. 16277, Jan. 15, 2019
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than one year or by a fine not exceeding ten million won: Amended by Act No. 12064, Aug. 13, 2013 Act No. 14293, Dec. 2, 2016
A person who fails to register traceability, in violation of Article 24 (2)
A person who disobeys an order to take corrective measures (excluding an order to take corrective measures on the method of indication issued under Article 31 (1) 3 or subparagraph 2 of Article 40), to prohibit the sale or to suspend the indication under Article 31 (1) or 40
A person who disobeys an order to prohibit the sale under Article 31 (2)
A person who fails to comply with disposition under Article 59 (1)
A person who disobeys an order to make public announcement under Article 59 (2)
A person who fails to comply with measures under Article 63 (1)
A person who fails to comply with measures to restrict or prohibit the use of veterinary drugs under Article 73 (2)
A person who fails to comply with measures to restrict the production of fishery products in a designated sea area under Article 77
A person who disobeys an order to correct, restrict, or suspend the production, processing, shipment, and transport, or an order to improve or repair production or processing facilities, etc. issued under Article 78
9-2. A person who fails to comply with measures under Article 98-2 (1)
A person who fails to have agricultural products subject to inspection inspected, in violation of subparagraph 2 of Article 101
A person who sells or exports agricultural and fishery products or processed fishery products, or stores or displays them for sale or export without having them inspected, in violation of subparagraph 4 of Article 101
A person who permits any third person to use his or her name as an agricultural product quality controller or a fishery product quality controller or lends his or her certificate of qualification to any third person, in violation of Article 108 (2).
The Minister of Oceans and Fisheries shall implement a quality certification system to improve the quality of fishery products and to protect consumers. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 15068, Nov. 28, 2017
A person who intends to obtain quality certification (hereinafter referred to as "quality certification") pursuant to paragraph (1) shall file an application for quality certification with the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
A person who has obtained quality certification may indicate quality-certified products on the packaging, containers, etc. of fishery products on which he or she has obtained quality certification (hereinafter referred to as "quality-certified products"), as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 15068, Nov. 28, 2017
Criteria and procedures for quality certification and methods of the indication thereof, and matters necessary for the selection of items eligible for quality certification shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Two administrative secretaries and two clerks shall be assigned respectively to the Council and each subcommittee, in order to handle the administrative affairs thereof. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24455, Mar. 23, 2013
The Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs and the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries shall respectively appoint an administrative secretary and a clerk, from among public officials under his or her jurisdiction. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24455, Mar. 23, 2013
Besides the matters prescribed in this Decree, matters necessary for the operation, etc. of the Council and each subcommittee shall be determined by the Chairperson after the resolution of the Council.
With regard to genetically modified agricultural and fishery products, the relevant agricultural and fishery products shall be labeled as genetically modified agricultural and fishery products, the inclusion of genetically modified agricultural and fishery products shall be labeled, or the possibility of inclusion of genetically modified agricultural and fishery products shall be labeled pursuant to Article 56 (1) of the Act.
Labeling of genetically modified agricultural and fishery products shall be placed on the surface of the packing and containers of relevant agricultural products, at the places of sale of relevant agricultural products, etc. pursuant to Article 56 (2) of the Act.
The Minister of Food and Drug Safety shall determine and announce detailed matters concerning the criteria for labeling and methods of labeling genetically modified agricultural and fishery products under paragraphs (1) and (2). Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24455, Mar. 23, 2013
If necessary for determining genetically modified agricultural and fishery products, the Minister of Food and Drug Safety shall designate and announce institutions to examine specimens. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24455, Mar. 23, 2013
Agricultural products subject to inspection under Article 79 (1) of the Act shall be as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24455, Mar. 23, 2013
Agricultural products purchased by the Government, or by producers' organizations, public institutions under Article 4 of the Act on the Management of Public Institutions, or agricultural corporations, etc. (hereinafter referred to as "producers' organizations, etc.") on behalf of the Government
Agricultural products exported or imported by the Government, or by producers' organizations, etc. on behalf of the Government
Agricultural products purchased or imported, and processed by the Government
Agricultural products reinspected by the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs pursuant to Article 79 (2) of the Act
Other agricultural products announced by the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs because he or she deems that such products should undergo an inspection.
Items by kind of agricultural products subject to inspection pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (1) 1 through 3 shall be as specified in attached Table 3.
Criteria for orders for correction, restriction, or suspension of production, processing, shipment, or transport, orders for improvement or repair of production or processing facilities, etc. (hereinafter referred to as "suspension, improvement or repair orders, etc."), and for cancellation of the registration under Article 78 of the Act shall be as specified in attached Table 2.
Matters necessary for detailed procedures for and methods of suspension, improvement or repair orders, etc., and cancellation of the registration under paragraph (1) shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24455, Mar. 23, 2013
"Type of business prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 88 (4) 3 (b) of the Act means an on-board fishery products processing business referred to in Article 25-6 (1) 3 of the Enforcement Decree of the Food Industry Promotion Act.
"Cases prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 88 (4) 4 of the Act shall be as follows:
Where a country that imports fishery products and processed fishery products requests that certain items only be inspected
Where fishery products or processed fishery products are inedible.
Education provided by the Chief of the National Fishery Products Quality Management Service pursuant to Article 91 (3) of the Act shall be as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24455, Mar. 23, 2013
Commissioned or outreach education at research or inspection institutions in the Republic of Korea and foreign countries
In-house education
Education of inspectors requested by institutions for inspection of fishery products designated pursuant to Article 89 (1) of the Act.
Institutions to which fishery products inspectors who receive education belong shall bear expenses incurred in providing education referred to in paragraph (1).
"Animals prescribed by Presidential Decree" in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Livestock Products Sanitary Control Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Act") means the following animals: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25133, Jan. 28, 2014
Deer
Rabbits
Turkeys
Geese
Quails
Pheasants
Donkeys.
"Products prescribed by Presidential Decree" in subparagraph 8 of Article 2 of the Act means the following:
Processed minced meat products (referring to hamburger patties, meatballs, pork cutlets, etc., processed after finely cutting or mincing meat which is the main ingredient thereof)
Processed rib products
Processed meat extract products (referring to products made by extracting the meat which is the main ingredient thereof with water, or products processed by adding such meat, food or food additives thereto)
Edible beef tallow
Edible lard.
"Products prescribed by Presidential Decree" in subparagraph 9 of Article 2 of the Act means the following: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25133, Jan. 28, 2014
Non-fat milk
1-2. Lactose-free milk
Processed milk
Goat's milk
Butter milk
Concentrated milk
Milk cream
Milk serum
Lactose
Milk protein hydrolysed food
Deleted by Presidential Decree No. 27400, Jul. 26, 2016
Ice cream (referring to products made by freezing or hardening raw milk or any dairy product, which is the main ingredient thereof, after adding other foods or food additives thereto)
Ice cream powders (referring to products made by drying or pulverizing raw milk or any dairy product, which is the main ingredient thereof, after adding other foods or food additives thereto, and which become ice cream if frozen after adding water)
Ice cream mix (referring to pasteurized or sterilized products in liquid form that become ice cream, if frozen after adding or mixing any other food or food additive to raw milk or any dairy product which is the main ingredient thereof).
"Products prescribed by Presidential Decree" in subparagraph 10 of Article 2 of the Act means the following:
Whole egg liquid
Yolk powder
Dried albumin
Thermoformed egg products
Salted eggs
Century eggs
Deleted. by Presidential Decree No. 24482, Mar. 23, 2013
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22497, Nov. 19, 2010
The subdivision and scope of business prescribed in Article 21 of the Act shall be as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24800, Oct. 16, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 25133, Jan. 28, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 25889, Dec. 23, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 27400, Jul. 26, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 28835, Apr. 24, 2018 Presidential Decree No. 29810, Jun. 4, 2019
Livestock slaughter business: Business of slaughtering and disposing of livestock for edible purposes
Milk collection business: Business of collecting, filtering, cooling, or storing raw milk: Provided, That cases of processing raw milk that one directly produces without collecting raw milk shall be excluded
In cases of livestock product processing business, business classified as follows:
(a) Meat processing business: Business of producing processed meat products
(b) Milk processing business: Business of producing milk products
(c) Egg processing business: Business of producing processed egg products
3-2. Edible-egg sorting and packaging business: Business specialized in the sorting, washing, drying, sterilization, inspection, and packaging of hen eggs among edible eggs
Meat packaging business: Business of producing packaged meat
Livestock product storage business: Frozen or refrigerated storage business for storing livestock products in a frozen or refrigerated condition: Provided, That cases where a livestock product processing business operator or a meat packaging business operator stores livestock products to use them as raw materials of products shall be excluded
Livestock product transportation business: Business of transporting livestock products (excluding raw milk, and livestock products that do not require frozen or refrigerated storage because of undergoing the processes for drying, sterilizing, salting, etc. to prevent rapid decomposition or spoiling) in a sanitary manner: Provided, That cases of transporting livestock products for the purpose of selling, treating, processing, or packaging the livestock products at the place of business of the relevant business operator and cases of transporting livestock products treated, processed, or packaged by the relevant business operator shall be excluded
In cases of livestock product sales business, business classified as follows:
(a) Meat sales business: Business specialized in the sale of meat or packaged meat (including business of selling packaged meat after re-cutting or dividing): Provided, That any of the following cases shall be excluded:
(i) Where a person who manages a food retail shop, such as a supermarket (hereafter referred to as "person managing a shop, such as a supermarket" in this subparagraph and subparagraph 8) or a business operator engaging in livestock product sales business besides meat sales business stores and displays chicken and duck meat (referring to chicken and duck meat individually packaged by slaughter business operators prescribed in Article 12-7 (2) 1 hereafter in this subparagraph and subparagraph 8, the same shall apply) or packaged chicken and duck meat in the refrigerating or freezing facilities located in the relevant shop or place of business and sells it to end-consumers without opening the package at the relevant shop or place of business (including cases of delivering and selling chicken and duck meat or packaged chicken and duck meat by receiving orders by telephone, on the website, or by other means)
(ii) Where a business operator engaging in food sales business for meal service facilities prescribed in subparagraph 5 (b) (iv) of Article 21 of the Enforcement Decree of the Food Sanitation Act sells chicken and duck meat or packaged chicken and duck meat to persons establishing and operating meal service facilities prescribed in subparagraph 12 of Article 2 of the Food Sanitation Act or to catering service business operators prescribed in subparagraph 8 (e) of Article 21 of the Enforcement Decree of the same Act without opening the package
(iii) Where a meat packaging business operator directly sells the packaged meat he or she produces
(iv) Where a person files a report on instant meat sales and processing business prescribed in subparagraph 8 and operates such business
(v) Where a mail order distributor prescribed in subparagraph 3 of Article 2 of the Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, ETC. sells chicken and duck meat or packaged chicken and duck meat (limited to cases of entrusting the storage, management, or delivery of chicken and duck meat or packaged chicken and duck meat to business operators engaging in meat sales business operators or meat packaging business operators when selling the meat)
(b) Business specialized in selling by-products of meat: Business specialized in selling only edible parts such as internal organs (referring to livers, hearts, stomachs, spleens, intestines, kidneys, etc.), heads, legs, tails, bones, blood, etc. of meat, which are categorized as by-products
(c) Milk sales business: Business specialized in selling dairy products that are directly drinkable, in the form of a milk agency, milk distribution agency, etc.
(d) Deleted by Presidential Decree No. 26936, Jan. 22, 2016
(e) Business specialized in selling and distributing livestock products: Business of outsourcing the processing or packaging of livestock products (referring to packaged meats, processed meat products, dairy products, and processed egg products in this item) to a livestock product processing business operator or a meat packaging business operator and of distributing and selling the processed or packaged livestock products under the business operator's own trademark
(f) Edible egg collection and sales business: Business specialized in selling edible eggs (limited to hen eggs hereafter in this item, the same shall apply) by collecting, treating, or purchasing them: Provided, That any of the following cases shall be excluded:
(i) Where a person engages in chicken-breeding business without filing for registration therefor, as being subject to exemption from the registration of livestock breeding business prescribed in Article 22 (3) of the Livestock Industry Act
(ii) Where a person managing a shop, such as a supermarket, or a business operator engaging in livestock product sales business besides edible egg collection and sales business or instant meat sales and processing business sells packaged eggs referring to eggs packaged by business operators engaging in livestock product sales business prescribed in Article 12-7 (2) 4 (limited to edible egg collection and sales business) pursuant to Article 12-7 (1) 2 hereafter in this item, the same shall apply directly to end-consumers at the relevant shop or place of business (including cases of delivering and selling packaged eggs by receiving orders by telephone, on the website, or by other means)
(iii) Where a business operator engaged in food sales business for meal service facilities prescribed in subparagraph 5 (b) (iv) of Article 21 of the Enforcement Decree of the Food Sanitation Act sells packaged eggs to meal service facilities
(iv) Where a person sells all of the edible eggs that he or she produces to edible egg collection and sales business operators
(v) Where a mail order distributor prescribed in subparagraph 3 of Article 2 of the Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, ETC. sells eggs (limited to cases of entrusting the storage, management, or delivery of eggs to edible egg collection and sales business operators when selling the eggs)
Instant meat sales and processing business: Business specialized in selling meat or packaged meat (including the sale of packaged meat after re-cutting or dividing the packaged meat) while selling meat processed products (excluding canned and bottled meat) directly to end-consumers by making or re-dividing the meat processed products: Provided, That cases where a person managing a shop, such as a supermarket, stores and displays chicken and duck meat or packaged chicken and duck meat in the refrigerating or freezing facilities located in the relevant shop and sells it to end-consumers at the relevant shop without opening the package (including cases of delivering and selling chicken and duck meat or packaged chicken and duck meat by receiving orders by telephone, on the website, or by other means) while selling meat processed products (excluding canned and bottled meat) directly to end-consumers by making or re-dividing the meat processed products shall be excluded.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22497, Nov. 19, 2010
The purpose of this Decree is to prescribe matters delegated by the Livestock Products Sanitary Control Act and matters necessary for the enforcement of said Act. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25133, Jan. 28, 2014
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22497, Nov. 19, 2010
"Animals prescribed by Presidential Decree" in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Livestock Products Sanitary Control Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Act") means the following animals: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25133, Jan. 28, 2014
Deer
Rabbits
Turkeys
Geese
Quails
Pheasants
Donkeys.
"Products prescribed by Presidential Decree" in subparagraph 8 of Article 2 of the Act means the following:
Processed minced meat products (referring to hamburger patties, meatballs, pork cutlets, etc., processed after finely cutting or mincing meat which is the main ingredient thereof)
Processed rib products
Processed meat extract products (referring to products made by extracting the meat which is the main ingredient thereof with water, or products processed by adding such meat, food or food additives thereto)
Edible beef tallow
Edible lard.
"Products prescribed by Presidential Decree" in subparagraph 9 of Article 2 of the Act means the following: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25133, Jan. 28, 2014
Non-fat milk
1-2. Lactose-free milk
Processed milk
Goat's milk
Butter milk
Concentrated milk
Milk cream
Milk serum
Lactose
Milk protein hydrolysed food
Deleted by Presidential Decree No. 27400, Jul. 26, 2016
Ice cream (referring to products made by freezing or hardening raw milk or any dairy product, which is the main ingredient thereof, after adding other foods or food additives thereto)
Ice cream powders (referring to products made by drying or pulverizing raw milk or any dairy product, which is the main ingredient thereof, after adding other foods or food additives thereto, and which become ice cream if frozen after adding water)
Ice cream mix (referring to pasteurized or sterilized products in liquid form that become ice cream, if frozen after adding or mixing any other food or food additive to raw milk or any dairy product which is the main ingredient thereof).
"Products prescribed by Presidential Decree" in subparagraph 10 of Article 2 of the Act means the following:
Whole egg liquid
Yolk powder
Dried albumin
Thermoformed egg products
Salted eggs
Century eggs
Deleted. by Presidential Decree No. 24482, Mar. 23, 2013
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22497, Nov. 19, 2010
The standards for slaughter and treatment of livestock and collection of milk shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Prime Minister. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
The Minister of Food and Drug Safety may, if necessary for public hygiene, determine and publicly announce each of the following: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Standards for processing, packaging, storing and distributing livestock products (hereinafter referred to as "processing standards")
Specifications of ingredients of livestock products (hereinafter referred to as "specifications of ingredients")
Standards for sanitation grade of livestock products.
With respect to livestock products, the processing standards and specifications of ingredients of which are not determined, the Minister of Food and Drug Safety may require a livestock product processing business operator to submit the processing standards and specifications of ingredients to him or her and temporarily approve the processing standards and specifications of ingredients by the time of public announcement referred to in paragraph (2) following the examination by a livestock products testing and inspection agency prescribed in Article 6 (2) 2 of the Act on Testing and Inspection in the Food and Drug Industry. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 11985, Jul. 30, 2013
Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), the standards, processing standards, and specifications of ingredients of livestock products for exportation may conform to those required by an importer.
Slaughter and treatment of livestock, collection of milk and processing, packaging, storage and distribution of livestock products shall conform to the standards, processing standards and specifications of ingredients pursuant to paragraphs (1) through (3). The same shall also apply to livestock products imported for sale.
No livestock products that fail to conform to the standards, processing standards or specifications of ingredients pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (3) shall be sold, or stored, transported or displayed for sale.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10310, May 25, 2010
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than ten years or by a fine not exceeding one hundred million won: Amended by Act No. 12672, May 21, 2014
Any person who slaughters and treats livestock at a place other than the permitted place of work, in violation of Article 7 (1)
Any person who slaughters and treats livestock, and uses or sells it for food, in violation of Article 7 (5)
Any person who engages in deception in relation to livestock or meat, in violation of Article 10
Any person who fails to undergo an inspection of livestock conducted by an inspector, in violation of Article 11 (1)
Any person who imports or sells livestock products or processes, packages, stores, transports or displays them for sale, in violation of the ban pursuant to Article 15-2 (1)
Any person who operates his or her business without having obtained a business permission, in violation of Article 22 (1), or without having obtained permission of modification of a business permission, in violation of Article 22 (2)
6-2. Deleted by Act No. 15487, Mar. 13, 2018
Any person who sells livestock products or treats, processes, packages, uses, imports, stores, transports, or displays them for sale, in violation of Article 33 (1).
Any person who is sentenced to imprisonment without labor or heavier punishment for a crime prescribed in paragraph (1) 6-2 or 7 and recommits the crime referred to in paragraph (1) 6-2 or 7 within five years after his or her sentence is finalized, shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for at least one year but not more than ten years. In such cases, when he or she sells the relevant livestock products, a fine equivalent to at least four times but not more than ten times the selling price shall be imposed concurrently. Newly Inserted by Act No. 12672, May 21, 2014 Act No. 15946, Dec. 11, 2018
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than five years or by a fine not exceeding fifty million won: Newly Inserted by Act No. 12672, May 21, 2014 Act No. 14025, Feb. 3, 2016
A person who fails to make a recall or take measures necessary for the recall, in violation of Article 31-2 (1)
Deleted by Act No. 15487, Mar. 13, 2018
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than three years or by a fine not exceeding fifty million won: Amended by Act No. 11100, Nov. 22, 2011 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 14025, Feb. 3, 2016 Act No. 14957, Oct. 24, 2017
Any person who slaughters and treats livestock, collects milk, or processes, packages, stores or distributes livestock products, in violation of Article 4 (5)
Any person who sells livestock products or stores, transports, or displays them for sale, in violation of Article 4 (6)
Any person who uses containers, etc., that do not comply with their standards, etc., in violation of Article 5 (2)
Any person who collects milk or processes, packages, or stores livestock products at a place other than the permitted place of work, in violation of Article 7 (1)
Any person who fails to undergo an inspection of meat by an inspector, or to undergo an inspection of collected raw milk by an inspector or veterinarian, in violation of Article 12 (1) or (2)
5-2. Any person who fails to report, in violation of Article 12 (6)
and 6-2. Deleted by Act No. 13201, Feb. 3, 2015
Any person who removes uninspected products from a place of work, in violation of Article 17
Any person who treats livestock or livestock products that have failed an inspection, in violation of Article 18
Deleted by Act No. 11985, Jul. 30, 2013
Any person who disobeys an order issued under Article 27 (1) through (3)
Any person who fails to observe matters to be observed by business operators and their employees, in violation of Article 31 (2) 1 through 4, 5-2, 5-3 or 6: Provided, That the same shall exclude any person who fails to observe an insignificant matter prescribed by Ordinance of the Prime Minister
Any person who fails to issue a statement of any transaction, in violation of Article 31 (2) 5, or issues any false statement of a transaction
Any person who fails to prepare and keep a statement of transactions, in violation of Article 31 (2) 5, or prepares a false statement of transactions
Any person who fails to complete registration, in violation of the proviso to Article 31-3 (1)
Any person who disobeys an order issued under Article 36 (1) or (2) or 37 (1)
Any person who processes animals, etc., that fails an inspection, in violation of Article 40-2 (4).
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than two years or by a fine not exceeding thirty million won: Amended by Act No. 11989, Jul. 30, 2013 Act No. 12672, May 21, 2014 Act No. 14025, Feb. 3, 2016
Any person who place a false inspection passing mark, in violation of Article 7 (9)
1-2. Any person who fails to designate a veterinarian in charge, in violation of Article 13 (3)
Any person who interferes with the duties of a veterinarian in charge, or refuses his or her request without justifiable grounds, in violation of Article 13 (4)
Any person who fails to mark inspection passed on livestock products, in violation of Article 16, or places a false inspection passing mark
Any person who removes or damages a notice or seal referred to in Article 38 (2).
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than one year or by a fine not exceeding ten million won: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 13201, Feb. 3, 2015 Act No. 14957, Oct. 24, 2017 Act No. 15946, Dec. 11, 2018
Deleted by Act No. 15487, Mar. 13, 2018
Deleted by Act No. 15487, Mar. 13, 2018
Any person who refuses, interferes with, or evades an inspection, in violation of Article 11 (3)
Any person who fails to conduct an inspection or makes a false inspection, in violation of Article 12 (3) or (4)
4-2. Any person who fails to issue specifications on transactions in violation of Article 12-2 (2) or issues a false one
Any person who refuses, interferes with, or evades an inspection, access, collection, seizure or destruction pursuant to Article 19 (1) and (2) or 36 (1)
Any person who fails to report or reports falsely, in violation of Article 19 (1)
Any person who violates the standards prescribed in Article 21 (1) or the conditions prescribed in Article 22 (4)
Any person who fails to report, in violation of Article 22 (5)
Any person who fails to report, in violation of Article 24 (1)
Any person who fails to report, in violation of Article 26 (3)
Any person who receives a report as to the discovery of foreign substances from a consumer but reports it falsely in violation of Article 31-6 (1)
11-2. A person who reports the discovery of foreign substances falsely
Any person who refuses, interferes with, or evades the closure of a place of business pursuant to Article 38 (1)
Deleted. by Act No. 14025, Feb. 3, 2016
In cases falling under paragraphs (1) through (5), imprisonment with labor and a fine may be imposed concurrently. Amended by Act No. 12672, May 21, 2014
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10310, May 25, 2010
The terms used in this Act shall be defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 14025, Feb. 3, 2016 Act No. 14957, Oct. 24, 2017
The term "livestock" means cattle, horses, sheep (including rock goats, such as goats hereinafter the same shall apply), swine (including raised wild boars hereinafter the same shall apply), chickens, ducks, and other animals prescribed by Presidential Decree, as animals for food
The term "livestock products" means meat, packaged meat, raw milk, edible eggs, processed meat products, processed milk products, and processed egg products
The term "meat" means carcass, dressed meat, internal organs, and other parts of livestock for food
The term "packaged meat" means meat to which no additive of chemical compound or other food is added, as meat refrigerated or frozen as packaged, cut meat (including finely cut or grinding) for the purpose of sale (including gratuitous offer to many and unspecified persons hereinafter the same shall apply)
The term "raw milk" means cow's milk or sheep's milk that has been milked for sale or for treatment and processing for sale
The term "edible eggs" means eggs of livestock used for food, prescribed by Ordinance of the Prime Minister
The term "milk collection" means collection, filtration, cooling, or storage of raw milk
The term "processed meat products" means products for sale prescribed by Presidential Decree, such as ham, sausage, bacon, dried meat, spiced meat, and other processed products with meat as a raw material
The term "processed milk products" means products for sale prescribed by Presidential Decree, such as milk, low-fat milk, powdered milk, milk formula, fermented milk, butter, cheese, and other processed products with raw milk as raw material
The term "processed egg products" means products for sale prescribed by Presidential Decree, such as liquid egg yolk, liquid egg white, whole egg powder, and other processed products with eggs as raw material
The term "place of work" means a slaughterhouse, milk collection station, livestock product processing factory, edible-egg sorting and packaging plant, meat packaging facilities, or livestock product storage
The term "non-ambulatory" means symptoms of the inability to stand or walk
The term "processed livestock products traceability" means management of processed livestock products (referring to processed meat products, processed milk products, and processed egg products hereinafter the same shall apply) in a way that makes it possible to investigate the causes of any problem of the processed livestock products and to take necessary measures where any safety problem, etc., occurs to them by recording and managing information at each stage from the processing to sales and thereby tracing its history.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10310, May 25, 2010
The definitions of terms used in this Act shall be as follows: Amended by Act No. 10885, Jul. 21, 2011 Act No. 13383, Jun. 22, 2015 Act No. 14291. Dec. 2, 2016
The term "agricultural product" means an agricultural product defined in subparagraph 6 (a) of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Agriculture, Rural Community and Food Industry
The term "fishery product" means a fishery product produced by fishery activities defined in subparagraph 1 (a) of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Fisheries and Fishing Villages Development
The term "agricultural and fishery product" means an agricultural products and fishery product
The term "place of origin" means a country, area or waters where agricultural products or fishery products are produced, gathered or caught
The term "food service business" means a food service business referred to in Article 36 (1) 3 of the Food Sanitation Act
The term "place of mass feeding" means a place of mass feeding defined in subparagraph 12 of Article 2 of the Food Sanitation Act
The term "mail order sale" means a mail order sale defined in subparagraph 2 of Article 2 of the Act on the Consumer Protection in the Electronic Commerce, etc., which is prescribed by Presidential Decree (including cases where agricultural and fishery products are sold in the course of electronic commerce defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the same Act)
The definitions of terms used in this Act shall be as prescribed by the Agricultural and Fishery Products Quality Control Act, the Food Sanitation Act, the Foreign Trade Act, or the Livestock Products Sanitary Control Act, except as provided for in this Act.
Any of the following persons shall be subject to an administrative fine not exceeding ten million won: Amended by Act No. 10933, Jul. 25, 2011 Act No. 14291, Dec. 2, 2016
A person who fails to indicate the country of origin, in violation of Article 5 (1) and (3)
A person who violates a method of indicating the country of origin pursuant to Article 5 (4)
A person who, in violation of Article 6 (4), overlooked any of the acts under the subparagraphs of Article 6 (1) or (2) conducted by a tenant or any other operator of a leased store, although he or she knew or could have known such fact
3-2. A person who, in violation of Article 6 (5), overlooked any of acts under the subparagraphs of paragraph (1) or (2) of the same Article conducted by a person requesting the relevant broadcasting chanel, etc. of sales brokerage of products, although he or she knew or could have known such fact
A person who refuses, interferes with, or evades collection, investigation or inspection, in violation of Article 7 (3)
A person who fails to keep receipts, invoices, etc., in violation of Article 8.
Any person who does not complete the education under Article 9-2 (1) shall be subject to an administrative fine not exceeding five million won. Newly Inserted by Act No. 14207, May 29, 2016
The Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs, the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries, or the Mayor/Do Governor shall impose and collect administrative fines under paragraphs (1) and (2), as prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 14207, May 29, 2016
No person shall conduct any of the following acts:
False labeling of the country of origin or labeling that may cause confusion as to the country of origin
Destroying or changing labels for the purpose of confusing the country of origin
Selling under the country of origin disguised, selling country of origin labeled agricultural and fishery products or the processed products thereof mixed with other agricultural and fishery products and the processed products thereof, or storing or displaying such products for the purpose of sale.
No person who sells or provides agricultural and fishery products or the processed products thereof after cooking shall conduct any of the following acts:
False labeling of the country of origin or labeling that may cause confusion as to the country of origin
Cooking, selling and providing agricultural and fishery products or the processed products thereof under the country of origin disguised, storing or displaying such products after destroying or changing labels for the purpose of selling or providing after cooking
Cooking, selling or providing country of origin labeled agricultural and fishery products or the processed products thereof mixed with the same agricultural and fishery products or the processed products thereof under a different country of origin.
Necessary matters, such as labeling that may cause confusion as to the country of origin and the scope of disguised sale in violation of paragraph (1) or (2), shall be prescribed by Joint Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs and the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
No person who has established a large-scale store under subparagraph 3 of Article 2 of the Distribution Industry Development Act shall neglect an act referred to in any of the subparagraphs of paragraph (1) or (2) by a tenant or any other operator of such store which is operated on lease (hereinafter referred to as "leased store"). Newly Inserted by Act No. 10933, Jul. 25, 2011
No program provider who engages in specialized programming featuring and selling products after receipt of approval under Article 9 (5) of the Broadcasting Act shall neglect any of the acts specified in the subparagraphs of paragraph (1) or (2), conducted by a person who requests sales brokerage of products to the relevant broadcasting chanel, etc. Newly inserted by Act No. 14291, Dec. 2, 2016
A person required to indicate the country of origin pursuant to Article 5 (3) shall keep receipts, invoices, etc. containing the country of origin, etc., which are issued pursuant to other Acts, including Article 31 of the Livestock Products Sanitary Control Act and Article 18 of the Livestock and Livestock Products Traceability Act, for six months from the date of purchase. Amended by Act No. 12119, Dec. 27, 2013 Act No. 14291, Dec. 2, 3016
A person who fails to implement a disposition pursuant to Article 9 (1) shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than one year or by a fine not exceeding ten million won.
Agricultural and fishery products or processed products thereof prescribed by Presidential Decree in Article 5 (1), with the exception of its subparagraphs, of the Act means agricultural and fishery products or processed products thereof falling under any of the following: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24455, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 29363, Dec. 11, 2018
Agricultural and fishery products or processed products thereof, which are publicly notified jointly by the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs and the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries as such Ministers deem the public notification necessary for establishing order in the distribution of such products and for consumers to make a right choice
Imported agricultural and fishery products or processed products thereof, which are publicly announced by the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy pursuant to Article 33 of the Foreign Trade Act: Provided, That the imported agricultural and fishery products or processed products thereof, the country of origin labeling of which can be omitted pursuant to Article 56 (2) of the Enforcement Decree of the Foreign Trade Act, shall be excluded.
Raw materials contained in a product processed from agricultural and fishery products, which are subject to country of origin labeling requirements under Article 5 (1) 3 of the Act shall be those listed hereunder: Provided, That water, food additives, spirits and saccharides (including products made from saccharides, which are processed with saccharides as the main raw material) shall be excluded from the order of predominance by weight in the processed product and from the list of raw materials subject to country of origin labeling requirements: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23214, Oct. 10, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 24258, Dec. 27, 2012 Presidential Decree No. 24455, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 25133, Jan. 28, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 26294, Jun. 1, 2015 Presidential Decree No. 26941, Feb. 3, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 28059, May 29, 2017 Presidential Decree No. 29363, Dec. 11, 2018 Presidential Decree No. 29622, Mar. 14, 2019
Raw materials subject to country of origin labeling requirements according to the proportion of raw materials in the processed product:
Where a compound ingredient is used, which is made from raw materials that are subject to country of origin labeling requirements under subparagraph 1, and are prescribed by the labeling standards under Article 4 of the Act on Labeling and Advertising of Foods, raw materials meeting the standards determined and publicly notified jointly by the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs and the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries.
(a) Where the proportion of a raw material is 98 percent or more in a processed product, such raw material
(b) Where the sum of the proportions of two raw materials among the raw materials contained in a processed product is 98 percent or more, raw materials ranked first and second highest in order of proportion
(c) In the cases except for items (a) and (b), raw materials ranked first to third highest in order of proportion
(d) Notwithstanding items (a) through (c), the following raw materials in the cases of kimchi varieties and cured foods (limited to the foods cured with salt):
(i) In the case of a product in which red pepper powder (where a processed product containing red pepper powder is used, the red pepper powder used in the processed product shall be included hereinafter the same shall apply) is used among kimchi varieties, raw materials ranked first and second highest in order of proportion in such product except for red pepper powder and salt, plus red pepper powder and salt
(ii) In the case of a product in which red pepper powder is not used among kimchi varieties, raw materials ranked first and second highest in order of proportion in such product except for salt, plus salt
(iii) In the case of a cured food, raw materials ranked first and second highest in order of proportion in such food except for salt, plus salt: Provided, That where the proportion of a raw material is 98 percent or more except for salt, such raw material and salt
Where the name of an agricultural product or fishery product, which is used as a raw material (including the raw material of a processed product hereafter in this paragraph the same shall apply), is used as the product name or a part thereof when paragraph (2) is applicable, the country of origin of the agricultural product or fishery product used as a raw material shall be subject to country of origin labeling requirements even though the agricultural product or fishery product used as a raw material is not subject to country of origin labeling requirements under the same paragraph: Provided, That where the agricultural product or fishery product used as a raw material falls under any of the following, the country of origin labeling of such agricultural product or fishery product used as a raw material may be omitted: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29872, Jun. 18, 2019
Where it does not fall under a product subject to country of origin labeling requirements publicly notified pursuant to paragraph (1) 1
Where it is used as a raw material of food additives, spirits or saccharides (including products made from saccharides, which are processed with saccharides as the main raw material) in the proviso of paragraph (2), with the exception of its subparagraphs
Where labeling of raw materials may be omitted pursuant to the labeling standards under Article 4 of the Act on Labeling and Advertising of Foods.
Deleted. by Presidential Decree No. 26294, Jun. 1, 2015
Where a person sells or offers agricultural products or the processed products thereof prescribed by Presidential Decree after cooking in Article 5 (3) of the Act means the cases in which the following are sold or offered after being cooked. In such cases, cooking involves preparation in the raw or natural state, and selling or offering involves selling or offering by delivery: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23214, Oct. 10, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 24258, Dec. 27, 2012 Presidential Decree No. 25133, Jan. 28, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 26941, Feb. 3, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 29872, Jun. 18, 2019
Beef (including raw meat, packaged meat, and processed meat products hereinafter the same shall apply)
Pork (including raw meat, packaged meat, and processed meat products hereinafter the same shall apply)
Chicken meat (including raw meat, packaged meat, and processed meat products hereinafter the same shall apply)
Duck meat (including raw meat, packaged meat, and processed meat products hereinafter the same shall apply)
Lamb (including raw meat, packaged meat, and processed meat products hereinafter the same shall apply)
5-2. Goat (including milk goat hereinafter the same shall apply) meat (including raw meat, packaged meat, and processed meat products hereinafter the same shall apply)
Rice used for cooked rice, porridge, and Nurungji, (including processed rice products rice including glutinous rice, brown rice, and steamed rice hereinafter the same shall apply)
Nappa cabbage (including winter-grown and spring-grown nappa cabbages) used for nappa cabbage Kimchi and red pepper powder used for nappa cabbage kimchi
7-2. Soybean (including processed soybean products hereinafter the same shall apply) used for tofu (excluding processed tofu and yuba), Kongbiji (meaning pureed soybean soup), and soybean noodles
Flatfish, rockfish, red sea bream, mudfish, eel, long-arm octopus, walleye pollock (excluding kinds of dried walleye pollock, such as Huangtae and dried pollack), chub mackerel, cutlassfish, squid, blue crab and yellow croaker (including the relevant fishery processed products hereafter the same shall apply)
Live fishery products: Those stored and displayed in an aquarium, etc. in order to sell and provide them after cooking.
As for processed products among the products subject to country of origin labeling requirements under paragraph (5), the country of origin of main raw materials shall be indicated. In such cases, detailed standards for indicating main raw materials shall be determined and publicly notified jointly by the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs and the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries. Newly Inserted Presidential Decree No. 29872, Jun. 18, 2019
Where it is necessary for enhancing the credibility of agricultural products, fishery products and processed products thereof, country of origin may be indicated in the cases of agricultural products, fishery products and processed products thereof that are not subject to origin labeling requirements under paragraphs (1) through (3), (5) and (6). In such cases, standards for labeling and methods thereof under Article 5 (4) of the Act shall be observed. Newly Inserted by Presidential Decree No. 26294, Jun. 1, 2015 Presidential Decree No. 29872, Jun. 18, 2019
A reward under Article 12 (1) of the Act may be given up to 10 million won to a reporter or accuser. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28059, May 29, 2017 Presidential Decree No. 29363, Dec. 11, 2018
No reward shall be granted to any person who makes a report or accusation, the content of which is the same as that of any previous report or accusation under Article 12 (1) of the Act. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28059, May 29, 2017
Except as provided in paragraphs (1) and (2), other necessary matters concerning the beneficiary of the rewards and the standards, methods, and procedures for the rewards shall be determined and publicly announced jointly by the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs and the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24455, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 28059, May 29, 2017
Agricultural and fishery products or processed products thereof prescribed by Presidential Decree in Article 5 (1), with the exception of its subparagraphs, of the Act means agricultural and fishery products or processed products thereof falling under any of the following: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24455, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 29363, Dec. 11, 2018
Agricultural and fishery products or processed products thereof, which are publicly notified jointly by the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs and the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries as such Ministers deem the public notification necessary for establishing order in the distribution of such products and for consumers to make a right choice
Imported agricultural and fishery products or processed products thereof, which are publicly announced by the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy pursuant to Article 33 of the Foreign Trade Act: Provided, That the imported agricultural and fishery products or processed products thereof, the country of origin labeling of which can be omitted pursuant to Article 56 (2) of the Enforcement Decree of the Foreign Trade Act, shall be excluded.
Raw materials contained in a product processed from agricultural and fishery products, which are subject to country of origin labeling requirements under Article 5 (1) 3 of the Act shall be those listed hereunder: Provided, That water, food additives, spirits and saccharides (including products made from saccharides, which are processed with saccharides as the main raw material) shall be excluded from the order of predominance by weight in the processed product and from the list of raw materials subject to country of origin labeling requirements: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23214, Oct. 10, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 24258, Dec. 27, 2012 Presidential Decree No. 24455, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 25133, Jan. 28, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 26294, Jun. 1, 2015 Presidential Decree No. 26941, Feb. 3, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 28059, May 29, 2017 Presidential Decree No. 29363, Dec. 11, 2018 Presidential Decree No. 29622, Mar. 14, 2019
Raw materials subject to country of origin labeling requirements according to the proportion of raw materials in the processed product:
Where a compound ingredient is used, which is made from raw materials that are subject to country of origin labeling requirements under subparagraph 1, and are prescribed by the labeling standards under Article 4 of the Act on Labeling and Advertising of Foods, raw materials meeting the standards determined and publicly notified jointly by the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs and the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries.
(a) Where the proportion of a raw material is 98 percent or more in a processed product, such raw material
(b) Where the sum of the proportions of two raw materials among the raw materials contained in a processed product is 98 percent or more, raw materials ranked first and second highest in order of proportion
(c) In the cases except for items (a) and (b), raw materials ranked first to third highest in order of proportion
(d) Notwithstanding items (a) through (c), the following raw materials in the cases of kimchi varieties and cured foods (limited to the foods cured with salt):
(i) In the case of a product in which red pepper powder (where a processed product containing red pepper powder is used, the red pepper powder used in the processed product shall be included hereinafter the same shall apply) is used among kimchi varieties, raw materials ranked first and second highest in order of proportion in such product except for red pepper powder and salt, plus red pepper powder and salt
(ii) In the case of a product in which red pepper powder is not used among kimchi varieties, raw materials ranked first and second highest in order of proportion in such product except for salt, plus salt
(iii) In the case of a cured food, raw materials ranked first and second highest in order of proportion in such food except for salt, plus salt: Provided, That where the proportion of a raw material is 98 percent or more except for salt, such raw material and salt
Where the name of an agricultural product or fishery product, which is used as a raw material (including the raw material of a processed product hereafter in this paragraph the same shall apply), is used as the product name or a part thereof when paragraph (2) is applicable, the country of origin of the agricultural product or fishery product used as a raw material shall be subject to country of origin labeling requirements even though the agricultural product or fishery product used as a raw material is not subject to country of origin labeling requirements under the same paragraph: Provided, That where the agricultural product or fishery product used as a raw material falls under any of the following, the country of origin labeling of such agricultural product or fishery product used as a raw material may be omitted: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29872, Jun. 18, 2019
Where it does not fall under a product subject to country of origin labeling requirements publicly notified pursuant to paragraph (1) 1
Where it is used as a raw material of food additives, spirits or saccharides (including products made from saccharides, which are processed with saccharides as the main raw material) in the proviso of paragraph (2), with the exception of its subparagraphs
Where labeling of raw materials may be omitted pursuant to the labeling standards under Article 4 of the Act on Labeling and Advertising of Foods.
Deleted. by Presidential Decree No. 26294, Jun. 1, 2015
Where a person sells or offers agricultural products or the processed products thereof prescribed by Presidential Decree after cooking in Article 5 (3) of the Act means the cases in which the following are sold or offered after being cooked. In such cases, cooking involves preparation in the raw or natural state, and selling or offering involves selling or offering by delivery: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23214, Oct. 10, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 24258, Dec. 27, 2012 Presidential Decree No. 25133, Jan. 28, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 26941, Feb. 3, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 29872, Jun. 18, 2019
Beef (including raw meat, packaged meat, and processed meat products hereinafter the same shall apply)
Pork (including raw meat, packaged meat, and processed meat products hereinafter the same shall apply)
Chicken meat (including raw meat, packaged meat, and processed meat products hereinafter the same shall apply)
Duck meat (including raw meat, packaged meat, and processed meat products hereinafter the same shall apply)
Lamb (including raw meat, packaged meat, and processed meat products hereinafter the same shall apply)
5-2. Goat (including milk goat hereinafter the same shall apply) meat (including raw meat, packaged meat, and processed meat products hereinafter the same shall apply)
Rice used for cooked rice, porridge, and Nurungji, (including processed rice products rice including glutinous rice, brown rice, and steamed rice hereinafter the same shall apply)
Nappa cabbage (including winter-grown and spring-grown nappa cabbages) used for nappa cabbage Kimchi and red pepper powder used for nappa cabbage kimchi
7-2. Soybean (including processed soybean products hereinafter the same shall apply) used for tofu (excluding processed tofu and yuba), Kongbiji (meaning pureed soybean soup), and soybean noodles
Flatfish, rockfish, red sea bream, mudfish, eel, long-arm octopus, walleye pollock (excluding kinds of dried walleye pollock, such as Huangtae and dried pollack), chub mackerel, cutlassfish, squid, blue crab and yellow croaker (including the relevant fishery processed products hereafter the same shall apply)
Live fishery products: Those stored and displayed in an aquarium, etc. in order to sell and provide them after cooking.
As for processed products among the products subject to country of origin labeling requirements under paragraph (5), the country of origin of main raw materials shall be indicated. In such cases, detailed standards for indicating main raw materials shall be determined and publicly notified jointly by the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs and the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries. Newly Inserted Presidential Decree No. 29872, Jun. 18, 2019
Where it is necessary for enhancing the credibility of agricultural products, fishery products and processed products thereof, country of origin may be indicated in the cases of agricultural products, fishery products and processed products thereof that are not subject to origin labeling requirements under paragraphs (1) through (3), (5) and (6). In such cases, standards for labeling and methods thereof under Article 5 (4) of the Act shall be observed. Newly Inserted by Presidential Decree No. 26294, Jun. 1, 2015 Presidential Decree No. 29872, Jun. 18, 2019
The definitions of terms used in this Act shall be as follows: Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 13383, Jun. 22, 2015 Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019 Act No. 17099, Mar. 24, 2020
The term "environment-friendly agro-fishery" means an industry which produces agricultural products, fishery products, livestock products, and forestry products (hereinafter referred to as "agro-fishery product") in a healthy environment in which chemical substances, such as synthetic pesticides, chemical fertilizers, antibiotics, and antimicrobials, are not used or used in a minimum quantity to promote biodiversity, facilitate the biological cycling and activities in the soil, and conserve agricultural and fishery ecosystems in a healthy condition
The term "environment-friendly agro-fishery products" means either of the following products obtained from environment-friendly agro-fisheries:
(a) Organic agro-fishery products
(b) Pesticide-free agricultural products
(c) Antibiotic-free fishery products and fishery products without using active treatment agents (hereinafter referred to as antibiotic-free fishery product, etc.")
The term organic means a series of activities and processes to use permitted substances in a minimum quantity to conserve the environment in a healthy condition by promoting biodiversity and maintaining the fertility of soil, and to produce, manufacture, process, or handle organic food or organic processed products not intended for human consumption (hereinafter referred to as organic food, etc.) in compliance with the criteria for certification under Article 19 (2)
The term organic food means any organic agro-fishery products or organic processed food (referring to any food that is manufactured, processed, or distributed using an organic agro-fishery product as the raw material or ingredient the same shall apply hereinafter) produced by organic methods, from among the foods listed in subparagraph 7 of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Agriculture, Rural Community and Food Industry
The term organic processed product not intended for human consumption means any processed product produced, manufactured, processed, or handled organically using any organic agro-fishery product as the raw material or ingredient, which is intended for human use or consumption but not directly ingested by humans: Provided, That this shall not apply to apparatuses, containers, and packages as defined in the Food Sanitation Act, qausi-drug as defined in the Pharmaceutical Affairs Act, and cosmetics as defined in the Cosmetics Act
5-2. The term "processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials" means food manufactured, processed, or distributed by using pesticide-free agricultural products as raw materials or materials, or mixing organic foods and pesticide-free agricultural products
The term organic agro-fishery material means any product made by using permitted substances allowed to be used in the production, manufacture, processing, or handling of an organic agro-fishery product as the raw material or ingredient
The term permitted substance means any substance allowed for use throughout the process of producing, manufacturing, processing, or treating organic foods, etc., pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, and antibiotic-free fishery products, etc., or organic agro-fishery materials, which is prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or by Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries
The term handling means any operation that stores, packages (including subdividing and repacking the same shall apply hereinafter), ships, imports, or sells agro-fishery products, food products, processed products not intended for human consumption, or agro-fishery materials
The term business entity means an individual or corporation engaged in the business of producing, manufacturing, processing, or handling environment-friendly agro-fishery products, organic foods, etc., or organic agro-fishery materials.
If a person engaged in the production, manufacture, processing, or handling of organic food, etc. intends to receive certification of organic food, etc., he or she shall make an application for certification with the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries, or a certification body designated pursuant to Article 26 (1) (hereafter in this Chapter referred to as certification body), together with documents prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or by Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries: Provided, That any person who stores, ships, imports, or sells certified organic food, etc. without repacking it may choose not to make an application for certification. Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 14305, Dec. 2, 2016
The following persons are not eligible to apply for certification under paragraph (1): Amended by Act No. 14305, Dec. 2, 2016 Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019
A person for whom one year has not yet elapsed since his or her certification was cancelled pursuant to Article 24 (1) (excluding subparagraph 4 of the same paragraph): Provided, That such period shall be two years from the date on which the last certification was cancelled for persons whose certification had been cancelled twice for the last 10 years, and five years from the date on which the last certification was cancelled for persons whose certification had been cancelled not less than three times for the last 10 years
1-2. A person whose certification was cancelled pursuant to Article 24 (1) 2 on the ground that a synthetic pesticide had been detected in organic food, etc. in excess of the pesticide residue limits publicly notified by the Minister of Food and Drug Safety pursuant to Article 7 (1) of the Food Sanitation Act due to intention or gross negligence and for whom five years have not passed from the date on which such certification was cancelled
A person under an order to remove, suspend or take measures for a certification label prescribed in Article 24 (1) or an order prescribed in Article 31 (7) 2 or 3
A person for whom one year has not passed from the date his or her punishment became final and conclusive after having been sentenced to a fine or heavier punishment under Article 60.
The Minister of Oceans and Fisheries, or a certification body shall, upon receipt of an application under paragraph (1), conduct an audit of its compliance with the certification criteria for organic food, etc. referred to in Article 19 (2) and inform the applicant of the audit findings, and shall grant certification if it satisfies the certification criteria. In such cases, the person entering the applicants place of business shall carry with him or her a certificate indicating his or her authority and present it to the applicant. Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 14305, Dec. 2, 2016 Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019
No business entity which obtains the certification of organic food, etc. pursuant to paragraph (3) (hereinafter referred to as "certified business entity") shall obtain certification from the same certification body in excess of twice consecutively (including renewal prescribed in Article 21 (2): hereafter the same shall apply in this paragraph): Provided, That the same shall not apply to cases where a business entity intends to obtain certification from a certification body graded above the standards prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or by Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries in the assessment of certification bodies conducted pursuant to Article 32-2. Newly Inserted by Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019
A person who has an objection to the findings of a certification audit under paragraph (3) may apply for re-audit to the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries, or the certification body, whoever has conducted the relevant audit. Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 14305, Dec. 2, 2016 Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019
The Minister of Oceans and Fisheries or a certification body, upon receipt of a request for re-audit prescribed in paragraph (5), shall determine whether to conduct the re-audit, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or by Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, and notify the relevant requesting person of the results thereof. Newly Inserted by Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019
The Minister of Oceans and Fisheries or a certification body, upon determining to conduct a re-audit prescribed in paragraph (5), shall conduct the re-audit without delay and notify the relevant requesting person of the results thereof. Newly Inserted by Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019
A certified business entity shall, in cases of changing any detail of the certification, obtain approval for change of the original certification from the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries, or the relevant certification body, whoever has granted the original certification, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or by Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries. Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 14305, Dec. 2, 2016 Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019
Detailed procedures, methods, etc. necessary for applications for certification, the restrictions, audit, and re-audit thereof, and approval for certification change, etc. shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or by Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries. Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019
With respect to the certification of pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, antibiotic-free fishery products, etc., the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries may designate an entity staffed with certification auditors and other necessary human resources and equipped with necessary facilities as certification bodies and authorize such entity to certify pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, or antibiotic-free fishery products, etc. Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12515, Mar. 24, 2014 Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019 Act No. 17099, Mar. 24, 2020
Articles 26, 26-2 through 26-4, and 27 through 29 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the following matters: designation of certification bodies term of validity of designation renewal and change of designation matters to be complied with by certification bodies, etc. suspension and discontinuation of certification service revocation, etc. of designation of certification bodies. In such cases, organic food, etc. shall be construed as pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, antibiotic-free fishery products, etc. Amended by Act No. 12515, Mar. 24, 2014 Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019 Act No. 17099, Mar. 24, 2020
The Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries may certify pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, antibiotic-free fishery products, etc. Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019 Act No. 17099, Mar. 24, 2020
Pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, antibiotic-free fishery products, etc. eligible for certification, and criteria for certification, etc. necessary for the production, manufacturing, processing, or handling of pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, antibiotic-free fishery products, etc. shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or by Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries. Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019 Act No. 17099, Mar. 24, 2020
Where a person who produces, manufactures, processes, or handles pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, antibiotic-free fishery products, etc. intends to receive certification of said products, he or she shall make an application to the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries, or a certification body designated pursuant to Article 35 (1) (hereafter referred to as certification body in this Chapter): Provided, That any person who stores, ships, or sells certified pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, antibiotic-free fishery products, etc., without repacking them, may choose not to make an application. Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 14305, Dec. 2, 2016 Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019 Act No. 17099, Mar. 24, 2020
Articles 20 through 22, 24, and 24-2 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the following matters: applications for certification under paragraph (3) restrictions on certification audits or re-audits of certification approval for application for change of certification the term of validity of certification renewal and extension of the term of validity matters to be complied with by certified business entities revocation of certification, removal and suspension of certification labels, and imposition of penalty surcharges. In such cases, organic food, etc. shall be construed as pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, or antibiotic-free fishery products, etc. Amended by Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019 Act No. 17099, Mar. 24, 2020
Articles 30 through 33 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the following matters: prohibition of unjust acts concerning the certification of pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, antibiotic-free fishery products, etc. post-certification surveillance of certified products and certified business entities post-certification surveillance of certification bodies succession, etc. to the status of certified business entities or certification bodies. In such cases, organic food, etc. shall be construed as pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, or antibiotic-free fishery products, etc. and "food permitted to carry an organic label limitedly" as "food permitted to carry a pesticide-free label limitedly." Amended by Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019 Act No. 17099, Mar. 24, 2020
A person who has received certification pursuant to Article 34 (3) may directly display on pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, antibiotic-free fishery products, etc. that he or she produces, manufactures, processes or handles, or on the package, etc. thereof, any written, printed, or graphic matter indicating pesticide-free, antibiotic-free (applicable only to livestock products or fishery products), no active treatment agents used (applicable only to seaweeds), or words to similar effect (hereinafter referred to as label for pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, antibiotic-free fishery products, etc.). In such cases, if a product is sold unpackaged or apiece, such label may be placed on an indicator board or signpost. Amended by Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019 Act No. 17099, Mar. 24, 2020
The Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs may permit foods using pesticide-free agricultural products as raw materials or materials but without certification prescribed in Article 34 (1) to carry a pesticide-free label limitedly depending on the contents of pesticide-free agricultural products used. Newly Inserted by Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019
Article 23 (2) and (5) shall apply mutatis mutandis to detailed matters concerning the display of information on the methods of producing pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, and antibiotic-free fishery products, etc. and other labelling items. In such cases, organic label shall be construed as label for pesticide-free agricultural products, processed food made with pesticide-free raw materials, antibiotic-free fishery products, etc. Amended by Act No. 14305, Dec. 2, 2016 Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019 Act No. 17099, Mar. 24, 2020
An administrative fine not exceeding 10 million won shall be imposed on persons who refuse, interfere with, or evade an inspection prescribed in Article 32 (1) (including cases where Article 34 (5) applies mutatis mutandis to Article 34 (5)), 41-3 (1) or 50 (1) without any justifiable ground.
An administrative fine not exceeding five million won shall be imposed on the following persons:
A business entity without certification which unwraps and repacks a certified product, and places a label prescribed in Article 23 (1) or 36 (1) on such product
A person who violates the limited labeling standards prescribed in Article 23 (3) or 36 (2)
A person who fails to record, manage, or keep relevant documents and materials in violation of Article 27 (1) 3 and 5 (including cases where Article 27 (1) 3 and 5 applies mutatis mutandis to Article 35 (2)), subparagraph 3 of Article 41-2, and subparagraph 3 or 5 of Article 45
A person who falsely reports the results of certification, public disclosure, and post-management, etc. in violation of Article 27 (1) 4 (including cases where Article 27 (1) 4 applies mutatis mutandis to Article 35 (2)) or subparagraph 4 of Article 45
A person who conducts certification audit business in violation of Article 27 (2) 2 (including cases where Article 27 (2) 2 applies mutatis mutandis to Article 35 (2))
A person who fails to record the results of certification audit business in violation of Article 27 (2) 3 (including cases where Article 27 (2) 3 applies mutatis mutandis to Article 35 (2))
A person who suspends or closes the entire or part of certification business or public disclosure business without reporting in violation of Article 28 (including cases where Article 28 applies mutatis mutandis to Article 35 (2)) or Article 46
A person who refuses, interferes with, or evades an inspection prescribed in Article 31 (1) (including cases where Article 31 (1) applies mutatis mutandis to Article 34 (5)) or Article 49 (1)
A person who fails to report the fact of succeeding to the status of a certification body or an institute for public disclosure in violation of Article 33 (including cases where Article 33 applies mutatis mutandis to Article 34 (5)) or Article 51.
An administrative fine not exceeding three million won shall be imposed on any of the following persons:
A person who changes matters certified or matters publicly disclosed without obtaining approval from the relevant certification body or from the relevant institute for public disclosure in violation of Article 20 (8) (including cases where Article 20 (8) applies mutatis mutandis to Article 34 (4)) or Article 38 (4)
A person who changes important matters without obtaining approval in violation of the proviso of Article 26 (5) (including cases where Article 26 (5) applies mutatis mutandis to Article 35 (2)) or the proviso of Article 44 (4)
A person who fails to report the results of certification, public disclosure, and post-certification surveillance, etc. in violation of Article 27 (1) 4 (including cases where Article 27 (1) 4 applies mutatis mutandis to Article 35 (2)) or subparagraph 4 of Article 45
A person who fails to report the fact of succeeding to the status of a certified business entity or publicly disclosed business entity in violation of Article 33 (including cases where Article 33 applies mutatis mutandis to Article 34 (5)) or Article 51
A person who violates the labeling standards prescribed in Article 42.
An administrative fine not exceeding one million won shall be imposed on the following persons:
A person who fails to inform the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs, the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries, the relevant certification body or institute for public disclosure of the results of production, manufacturing, processing, and handling of certified products or publicly disclosed organic agro-fishery materials in violation of Article 22 (1) (including cases where Article 22 (1) applies mutatis mutandis to Article 34 (4)) or Article 40 (1)
A person who fails to keep relevant documents, etc. in violation of Article 22 (2) (including cases where Article 22 (2) applies mutatis mutandis to Article 34 (4)) or Article 40 (2)
A person who violates the labeling standards prescribed in Article 23 (1) or 36 (1)
A person who fails to report matters changed, in violation of the main clause of Article 26 (5) (including cases where Article 26 (5) applies mutatis mutandis to Article 35 (2)) or the main clause of Article 44 (4).
The Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries shall impose and collect administrative fines prescribed in paragraphs (1) through (4), as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 16991, Feb. 11, 2020
The Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries may, with respect to certification of organic food, etc., designate institutions or organizations having certification auditors, etc. under Article 26-2 and other necessary human resources, organizations, facilities and certification business regulations as certification bodies and may authorize such bodies to certify organic food, etc. Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12515, Mar. 24, 2014 Act No. 16551, Aug. 27, 2019
Each institution or organization intending to be designated as certification bodies pursuant to paragraph (1) shall make an application for designation as certification bodies to the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or by Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries. Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12515, Mar. 24, 2014
Designation under paragraph (1) shall remain in force for five years from the date of designation where a certification body intends to engage in certification service after the expiration of the designation, it shall apply for renewal of designation prior to the expiration date.
In order to ensure certification bodies efficient operation of activities concerning designation under paragraph (1) and renewal of designation under paragraph (3), the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries may delegate or entrust the business of evaluation related to the designation of certification bodies and the renewal of designation, to the institutions or organizations prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013
Certification bodies shall, where any change in designated matters occurs, make a report on the changes to the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries: Provided, That where certification bodies intend to change any important matter prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or by Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries, they shall obtain approval from the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries. Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013
Detailed matters concerning the standards for designation of certification bodies under paragraphs (1) through (5), the scope of certification service, procedures for the designation and renewal of designation of certification bodies, entrustment of the evaluation affairs concerning the designation and renewal of designation of certification bodies, and reports on changes by certification bodies shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs or by Ordinance of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries. Amended by Act No. 11705, Mar. 23, 2013
The terms used in this Act shall be defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 14478, Dec. 27, 2016 Act No. 16114, Dec. 31, 2018
The term livestock means livestock defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Livestock Industry Act
The term livestock product means any livestock product defined in subparagraph 3 of Article 2 of the Livestock Industry Act
The term "traceability means managing the movement of livestock and livestock products by recording and managing information about the breeding of livestock, such as birth and importation thereof, and at any point of the supply chain, including the production, importation, and sale of livestock products
The term livestock subject to traceability means cattle, pigs, chickens, and ducks
The term breeding pig means any pig registered according to the standards for registration determined by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affair, among breeding stock defined in subparagraph 2 of Article 2 of the Livestock Industry Act
5-2. The term "breeding egg" means an egg produced by crossing chickens or ducks prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs in the breeding facility of a person who have obtained permission pursuant to Article 22 (1) of the Livestock Industry Act
The term farm identification number means the unique number allocated to each livestock breeding facility, where livestock subject to traceability is bred, (hereinafter referred to as livestock breeding facility) by the Minister of Agriculture, Food, and Rural Affairs, to identify such livestock breeding facility
The term individual identification number means the unique number allocated to each head of cattle and pigs (limited to breeding pigs) by the Minister of Agriculture, Food, and Rural Affairs, to identify the individual head of livestock
The term livestock products subject to traceability means the following livestock products:
The term serial number means a number allocated to a livestock product subject to traceability by the Minister of Agriculture, Food, and Rural Affairs, to trace such livestock product
The term "ear tag, etc." means a tag manufactured to attach to an ear or other body part of each livestock subject to traceability, on which letters, numbers, bar codes (including RFID tags), etc. are inscribed to indicate the individual identification number of such livestock for traceability
The term "importation and distribution identification mark" means a mark manufactured to be attached on the packaging, etc. of an imported livestock product subject to traceability by indicating the serial number and information on such product in letters, numbers, and bar codes (including RFID tags) to trace the distribution of such products
Deleted by Act No. 14478, Dec. 27, 2016
The term "importation" means bringing foreign livestock or livestock products into the Republic of Korea (referring to bringing foreign livestock or livestock products into the Republic of Korea from a bonded area, if such foreign livestock or livestock products pass through a bonded area).
(a) Homebred traceable livestock products:
(i) Livestock products (referring to dressed carcasses, or dressed meat or packaged meat produced by using dressed carcasses) supplied for food, which are produced by slaughtering and dressing livestock subject to traceability to which individual identification numbers are allocated, or pigs, chickens, and ducks that are bred in livestock breeding facilities to which farm identification numbers are allocated
(ii) Eggs supplied for food among those produced by chickens bred for the purpose of sale in livestock breeding facilities to which farm identification numbers are allocated
(b) Imported traceable livestock products: Imported beef or pork supplied for food (referring to dressed carcasses, or dressed meat or packed meat produced by using dressed carcasses, and other by-products prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food, and Rural Affairs) with the allocated serial number
Except as provided in paragraph (1), the terms used in this Act shall be as defined by the Livestock Industry Act and the Livestock Products Sanitary Control Act.
The term livestock subject to traceability means cattle, pigs, chickens, and ducks
Food, food additive or livestock product:
"Matters prescribed by Presidential Decree, such as the name, manufacturing methods or ingredients of the food, etc." in Article 8 (1), with the exception of its subparagraphs, of the Act on Labeling and Advertising of Foods (hereinafter referred to as the "Act") means the following matters:
Matters regarding the names, names of of business, types, ingredients, components (including nutritional components), net contents, manufacturing methods (including methods of raising the relevant livestock for the production of livestock products), grades, quality and usage information of foods, food additives, apparatuses, containers, packaging, health functional foods and livestock products (hereinafter referred to as "food, etc.")
Matters regarding the manufacturing dates, sell-by dates, best-before dates, and egg-laying dates of foods, etc.
Matters regarding the labeling of genetically modified foods, etc. under Article 12-2 of the Food Sanitation Act, or the labeling of genetically modified health functional foods under Article 17-2 of the Health Functional Foods Act
The following matters regarding traceability:
(a) Food traceability under subparagraph 13 of Article 2 of the Food Sanitation Act
(b) Health functional food traceability under subparagraph 6 of Article 3 of the Health Functional Foods Act
(c) Processed livestock products traceability under subparagraph 13 of Article 2 of the Livestock Products Sanitary Control Act
5 The following matters regarding the accreditation of livestock products:
(a) Individual HACCP under the main clause of Article 9 (2) of the Livestock Products Sanitary Control Act
(b) Accreditation of HACCP-accredited places of work, HACCP-accredited business establishments or HACCP-accredited farms under Article 9 (3) of the Livestock Products Sanitary Control Act
(c) Accreditation of integrated HACCP-accredited business entities under the former part of Article 9 (4) of the Livestock Products Sanitary Control Act.
In order to improve the quality of livestock products, make their distribution smooth, and promote livestock improvement, the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs may require the quality of such livestock products to be graded (hereinafter referred to as "grading"), as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs. Amended by Act No. 8852, Feb. 29, 2008 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
The method, standards and applicable conditions of the grading under paragraph (1) and other matters necessary for the grading shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs. Amended by Act No. 8852, Feb. 29, 2008 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
As to the livestock products prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs among those subject to the grading under paragraph (1), the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs shall specify and publicly announce a distributable area, the timing for implementation, etc. Amended by Act No. 8852, Feb. 29, 2008 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Any person who has established an incorporated wholesale market for livestock products (hereinafter referred to as incorporated wholesale market) within a wholesale market for agricultural and fishery products under Article 22 of the Act on Distribution and Price Stabilization of Agricultural and Fishery Products, which is situated within an area publicly announced as a distributable area under paragraph (3) (hereinafter referred to as "publicly announced area"), or any operator of a cooperative marketing center for livestock products under Article 43 of the same Act (hereinafter referred to as "cooperative marketing center") shall not put any livestock product on the market without being graded.
No operator of any slaughterhouse as defined in subparagraph 11 of Article 2 of the Livestock Products Sanitary Control Act (hereinafter referred to as "slaughterhouse") situated within a publicly announced area shall take any livestock products processed at the slaughterhouse outside of the slaughterhouse without being graded: Provided, That the foregoing shall not apply to any livestock product processed for academic research, one's own consumption, etc. specified by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs. Amended by Act No. 8852, Feb. 29, 2008 Act No. 10310, May 25, 2010 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
The Minister of Food and Drug Safety, a Mayor/Do Governor or the head of a Si/Gun/Gu may pay monetary rewards of up to ten million won to a person who has reported any violation of this Act, for each case reported. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Matters necessary for standards, methods and procedures for the payment of monetary rewards under paragraph (1) shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for up to three years or by a fine not exceeding 30 million won: Amended by Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010 Act No. 10787, Jun. 7, 2011 Act No. 11690, Mar, 23, 2013 Act No. 11986, Jul. 30, 2013 Act No. 13201, Feb. 3, 2015 Act No. 13277, Mar. 27, 2015 Act No. 13983, Feb. 3, 2016 Act No. 15484, Mar. 13, 2018
A person who violates Article 12-2 (2), 17 (4), 31 (1) or (3), 37 (3) or (4), 39 (3), 48 (2) or (10), the proviso to Article 49 (1) or Article 55
A person who refuses, interferes with or evades inspection, visit, collection, seizure or discarding under Article 22 (1) (including applicable mutatis mutandis as under Article 88) or 72 (1) and (2) (including cases applicable mutatis mutandis under Article 88)
Deleted by Act No. 13201, Feb. 3, 2015
A business operator who fails to meet the criteria for facilities under Article 36
A business operator who fails to meet the conditions under Article 37 (2)
A person who fails to comply with the matters that business operators should observe pursuant to Article 44 (1): Provided, That the foregoing shall not apply to a person who violates the insignificant matters prescribed by Ordinance of the Prime Minister
A person who continues to conduct business (limited to persons who have reported or registered business under Article 37 (4) or (5)) in violation of an order to suspend business under Article 75 (1), or who continues to conduct business in violation of an order to close down the business under Article 75 (1) and (2)
A person who violates an order to suspend manufacturing under Article 76 (1)
A person who removes or damages a seal, notice, etc. posted by the relevant public official without permission under Article 79 (1).
Any person who intends to engage in business falling under any of the following subparagraphs shall be equipped with facilities which meet the criteria for facilities prescribed by Ordinance of the Prime Minister: Amended by Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Manufacturing, processing, transporting, selling and preserving foods or food additives
Manufacturing apparatus, containers or packages
Providing food services.
The detailed types and scope of business under each subparagraph of paragraph (1) shall be determined by Presidential Decree.
The Minister of Food and Drug Safety shall determine and publicly announce the following matters concerning foods or food additives for sale, if necessary for public health: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 14022, Feb. 3, 2016
Standards for manufacturing, processing, using, cooking or storing foods or food additives
Specifications for ingredients of foods or food additives.
The Minister of Food and Drug Safety may require a person who intends to obtain approval of standards and specifications of foods or food additives the standards and specifications of which are not publicly announced pursuant to paragraph (1) to submit matters under each subparagraph of paragraph (1), and recognize such matters as the standards and specifications of such foods or food additives, until the standards and specifications under paragraph (1) are publicly announced, subject to the review by an institution specializing in food testing and inspection designated by the Minister of Food and Drug Safety pursuant to Article 6 (3) 1 of the Act on Testing and Inspection in the Food and Drug Industry or by a testing and inspection institution prescribed by Presidential Decree pursuant to the proviso to paragraph (4) of the aforementioned Article. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 11985, Jul. 30, 2013 Act No. 14022, Feb. 3, 2016
Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), the standards and specifications for foods or food additives to be exported may follow the standards and specifications stipulated by importers.
Foods or food additives, the standards and specifications for which are determined under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be manufactured, imported, processed, used, cooked or preserved in accordance with such standards, and no one shall sell foods or food additives, which fail to meet such standards and specifications, or manufacture, import, process, use, cook, store, subdivide, transport, preserve or display such foods or food additives for sale.
No one shall sell, collect, manufacture, import, process, use, cook, store, subdivide, transport or display any of the following foods, etc. for the purpose of sale: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 13201, Feb. 3, 2015 Act No. 14022, Feb. 3, 2016
Rotten, stale or unripe foods, which are likely to harm a human body
Foods that contain or are likely to contain poisonous or harmful substances, or are smeared or are likely to be smeared with such substances: Provided, That foods that are deemed not to cause any harm to human body by the Minister of Food and Drug Safety are excluded herefrom
Foods that are or may be contaminated with microbes causing diseases, which are likely to cause harm to a human body
Foods that are likely to harm a human body due to their uncleanness, other substances mixed with or added to such foods or other grounds
Foods which have failed to undergo safety examination, among agricultural, livestock or fishery products subject to safety examination under Article 18 or foods that are deemed to be inedible as a result of safety examination
Foods, the import of which is prohibited, or foods imported without making an import declaration under Article 20 (1) of the Special Act on Imported Food Safety Control
Foods that are manufactured, processed or subdivided by persons, other than business operators.
No one shall sell, as food, meat, bones, milk, organs or blood of animals which have contracted or are likely to contract diseases prescribed by Ordinance of the Prime Minister or animals which died of such diseases, or collect, import, process, use, cook, store, subdivide, transport or display them for the purpose of sale. Amended by Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
No one shall sell apparatus, containers or packages containing or tainted with poisonous or harmful materials, which are likely to cause harm to human bodies, or apparatus, containers or packages, which cause harm to human bodies when they are in contact with foods or food additives, or manufacture, import, store, transport, display such apparatus, containers or packages for sale or use them for business.
Having a youth provide entertainment services by employing them as entertainment workers
No one shall engage in any of the following acts: Provided, That the same shall not apply to cases that are deemed not to cause any harm to a human body by the Minister of Food and Drug Safety through a deliberation by the Food Sanitation Deliberation Committee under Article 57 (hereinafter referred to as the "Deliberation Committee"): Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 14022, Feb. 3, 2016
Using additives that are chemical synthetics, standards and specifications of which are not prescribed pursuant to Article 7 (1) and (2), and substances containing such chemical synthetics as food additives
Selling foods containing food additives under subparagraph 1 or manufacturing, importing, processing, using, cooking, storing, subdividing, transporting or displaying such foods for sale.
Where he or she violates Article 36
A business operator who fails to meet the criteria for facilities under Article 36
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for up to one year or by a fine not exceeding ten million won: Amended by Act No. 10787, Jun. 7, 2011 Act No. 12496, Mar. 18, 2014
A person who provides entertainment services or requests other persons to provide such services, in violation of Article 44 (3)
A person who falsely reports the detection of foreign substances after receiving a report on such detection from a customer, in violation of Article 46 (1)
A person who falsely reports the detection of foreign substances
A person who fails to report or falsely reports, in violation of the latter part of Article 45 (1).
The terms used in this Act shall be defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 10787, Jun, 7, 2011 Act No. 11819, May 22, 2013 Act No. 11986, Jul. 30, 2013 Act No. 13201, Feb. 3, 2015 Act No. 14022, Feb. 3, 2016 Act No. 14835, Apr. 18, 2017 Act No. 15484, Mar. 13, 2018
The term "foods" means all types of foods and beverages (excluding food and beverage taken as medicine)
The term "food additives" means substances used in foods for the purpose of sweetening, coloring, bleaching or antioxidation in the process of manufacturing, processing, cooking or preserving foods. In such cases, the food additives shall include materials used in sterilizing or disinfecting apparatus, containers or packages, which may be transmitted to foods in an indirect manner
The term "chemical synthetics" means materials obtained by chemical reactions, other than a degradation reaction to elements or compounds through chemical means
The term "apparatus" means machines or utensils which come into direct contact with foods or food additives, or other goods (excluding machines, utensils or other goods used for collecting foods in agriculture or fisheries, and the hygiene products under subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Hygiene Products Control Act), and which fall under any of the following:
(a) Goods used for eating or packing foods
(b) Goods used for collecting, manufacturing, processing, cooking, storing, subdividing (referring to dividing finished products and repackaging such products for distribution hereinafter the same shall apply), transporting or displaying foods or food additives
The term "containers and packages" means goods used for packing or wrapping foods or food additives, which are delivered with foods and food additives
The term "risk" means harmful factors existing in foods, food additives, apparatus, containers or packages, which cause or are likely to cause any harm to human health
and 8. Deleted by Act No. 15484, Mar. 13, 2018
The term "business" means collecting, manufacturing, processing, cooking, storing, subdividing, transporting or selling foods or food additives, or manufacturing, transporting or selling (excluding business of collecting foods belonging to agriculture or fisheries) apparatus, containers or packages
The term "business operator" means a person who has obtained a business license under Article 37 (1), who has reported business under Article 37 (4), or who has registered business under paragraph 5 of the same Article
The term "food sanitation" means the sanitation related to foods, food additives, apparatus, containers or packages
The term "meal service facilities" means the facilities of any of the following that continue to provide meals to many and specified persons without seeking profits, which are prescribed by Presidential Decree:
(a) Dormitories
(b) Schools
(c) Hospitals
(d) Social welfare facilities under subparagraph 4 of Article 2 of the Social Welfare Services Act
(e) Industrial enterprises
(f) The State, local governments, and public institutions under Article 4 (1) of the Act on the Management of Public Institutions
(g) Other welfare institutions, etc.
The term "food traceability" means tracking foods with safety issues to identify their causes and controlling such foods to take necessary measures by recording and managing information on the foods at each stage of their production, processing and distribution
The term "food poisoning" means any infectious or toxic disease that breaks out or is deemed to have broken out by any microbe or toxic substance harmful to the human body as a consequence of taking in food
The term "menu of a meal service facility" means a meal serving plan prepared in consideration of the names, ingredients, nutritional content, preparation methods, preparation personnel of foods according to the nutrition standards for groups that will have the meals.
The State and local governments shall take necessary measures including the establishment of related organs so as to settle promptly and fairly the complaints from and damages to consumers.
The State may lay down the criteria for the settlement of consumer disputes as prescribed by Presidential Decree, for the purpose of settling smoothly disputes which may arise between consumers and business entities.
The criteria for the settlement of consumer disputes as referred to in paragraph (2) shall be the criteria for any agreement or recommendation on the settlement of disputes, unless there is any separate manifestation as to the method of dispute settlement between the parties in dispute.
If a business entity infringes directly on the rights and interests of consumers relating to their lives, bodies, or property in violation of Article 20 and the infringement continues, any of the following organizations may file an action with a court to prohibit and suspend the infringement of consumers' rights and interests (hereinafter referred to as "class action"): Amended by Act No. 14139, Mar. 29, 2016
A consumer organization which is registered with the Fair Trade Commission pursuant to Article 29 and meets each of the following requirements:
(a) An organization which is aimed mainly at the promotion of consumers' rights and interests pursuant to its articles of association
(b) An organization the number of whose regular members is at least one thousand
(c) An organization for which three years have passed since it was registered pursuant to Article 29
The Korea Consumer Agency established pursuant to Article 33
The Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry under the Chambers of Commerce and Industry Act, the federation of small and medium enterprise cooperatives under the Small and Medium Enterprise Cooperatives Act, and a nationwide economic organization prescribed by Presidential Decree
A non-profit and non-governmental organization under Article 2 of the Assistance for Non-Profit, Non-Governmental Organizations Act which meets each of the following requirements:
(a) An organization which is requested to institute a class action by at least 50 consumers who suffered legally or factually identical damages
(b) An organization which has the actual results of activities for at least the preceding three years according to the purpose of promoting the rights and interests of consumers specified in its articles of association
(c) An organization the number of whose regular members is at least five thousand
(d) An organization which is registered with a central administrative agency.
When a judgment to dismiss a request made by a plaintiff becomes final and conclusive, any such other organization as referred to in Article 70 may not file a class action lawsuit with regard to the same matter: Provided, That this shall not apply to a case falling under any one of the following subparagraphs:
When a new research result or evidence is found by an institution, which is established by the State or a local government, with respect to the dismissal after the judgment became final and conclusive
When the judgment of dismissal is found to have been caused by any intentional act of the plaintiff.
Consumers may apply for remedy for damages caused by use of goods, etc. to the Korea Consumer Agency.
Where the State, a local government or a consumer organization receives an application for remedy for damages from a consumer, the settlement of it may be entrusted to the Korea Consumer Agency.
A business entity may, upon receipt of an application for remedy for damages from a consumer, may entrust the Korea Consumer Agency with the settlement thereof only in case of falling under any one of the following subparagraphs:
Where no agreement is reached even after 30 days have passed since the date when the application for remedy for damages was filed by the consumer
Where an agreement is made with the consumer to entrust the settlement of the remedy for damages to the Korea Consumer Agency
Where, otherwise, it is necessary for the Korea Consumer Agency to deal with the remedy for damages, as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Where the president receives an application for remedy for damages under paragraph (1) (including entrustment of the remedy for damages under paragraphs (2) and (3) hereafter in this Section, the same shall apply), if its contents are judged unsuitable to be settled by the Korea Consumer Agency, he or she may inform the applicant of the reason and discontinue the settlement of the case.
For the purpose of this Act, the definitions of terms shall be as follows:
The term "consumer" means those who use (including utilization hereinafter the same shall apply) the goods and services (including facilities hereinafter the same shall apply) provided by business entities for their daily lives as consumers or for their production activities, who are designated by Presidential Decree
The term "business entity" means those who manufacture (including processing or packing hereinafter the same shall apply), import or sell goods, or furnish services
The term "consumer organization" means organizations which are organized by consumers in order to promote consumers' rights and interests
The term "trade association" means organizations which are organized by two or more business entities in order to promote their common interests.
In order to mediate disputes raised between consumers and business entities, a Consumer Dispute Settlement Commission (hereinafter referred to as the "Settlement Commission") shall be established in the Korea Consumers Agency.
The Settlement Commission shall deliberate and decide the following matters:
Settlement decisions on consumer disputes
Establishment, revision and repeal of the rules on proceedings of the Settlement Commission
Other matters referred to it by the president for discussion.
Necessary matters concerning operation, settlement procedure, etc. of the Settlement Commission shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
The president may recommend the parties of an application for remedy for damages to agree on compensation for damages.
The Settlement Commission shall be composed of 150 or less members, including a chairperson, of whom five members including the chairperson shall work full-time, and the others, part-time. Amended by Act No. 15015, Oct. 31, 2017
Members shall be appointed or commissioned by the Chairperson of the Fair Trade Commission upon the recommendation of the President, under the conditions as prescribed by Presidential Decree, from among the below enumerated persons:
Those who are or were in a position equivalent to or higher than associate professor in a college, university or authorized research institution, and have majored in a field related to consumers' rights and interests
Those who are or were in a position of public official of Grade IV or higher or the equivalent position in a public institution, and have experience of practice in any business relating to consumers' rights and interests
Those who are qualified as judge, public prosecutor or attorney-at-law
Those who are or were in a position of executive officer at a consumer organization
Those who are or were in a position of executive officer at a business entity or trade association
Other those who have extensive learning and experience in any business relating to consumers' rights and interests.
The chairperson shall be appointed by the Chairperson of the Fair Trade Commission from among full-time members.
When the chairperson is unable to perform his or her duties for any unavoidable reason, a full-time member who is not the chairperson shall act on behalf of the chairperson, and when such full-time member is unable to perform his or her duties on behalf of the chairperson for any unavoidable reason, a member designated by the Chairperson of the Fair Trade Commission shall act on behalf of the chairperson.
The terms of office of members shall be three years, and they may be renewable.
In order to carry out efficiently activities of the Settlement Commission, the expert committees classified by field of activities may be established in the Settlement Commission.
Matters necessary for composition and operation of expert committees as referred to in paragraph (6) shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
When the Settlement Commission receives an application for dispute settlement under Article 58 or 65 (1), it shall complete the dispute settlement within thirty days from the date when the application is received.
Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (1), in case where it is impossible to complete the dispute settlement within thirty days due to any justifiable reason, the Settlement Commission may extend the period. In this case, it shall inform the parties and their representatives thereof specifying the reasons therefor and the period. Amended by Act No. 15015, Oct. 31, 2017
If an agreement as referred to in Article 57 is not reached within thirty days after receiving an application for remedy for damages under Article 55 (1) through (3), the president shall, without delay, apply for the settlement of the dispute concerned to the Consumer Dispute Settlement Commission provided for in Article 60: Provided, That with respect to the damage remedy application cases that require a considerable time to inquire into the causes of damages, as prescribed by Presidential Decree, the period of the settlement may be extended up to 60 days.
When a dispute settlement is completed under Article 66, the chairperson of the Settlement Commission shall notify the parties of the contents thereof without delay.
The parties shall, upon receipt of a notification referred to in paragraph (1), inform the Settlement Commission of the acceptance or refusal of the contents of the dispute settlement within 15 days after receiving such notification. In this case, if they fail to express their intention within the 15 days, they shall be considered to have accepted the dispute settlement.
If the parties accept or are considered to have accepted the contents of the dispute settlement pursuant to paragraph (2), the Settlement Commission shall prepare a settlement protocol on which the chairperson of the Settlement Commission and the parties shall affix their signatures and seals or sign thereon: Provided, That if the parties are considered to have accepted the contents of the dispute settlement, it shall not be required to affix their signatures and seals or sign thereon. Amended by Act No. 15696, Jun. 12, 2018
If the parties accept or are considered to have accepted the contents of the dispute settlement pursuant to paragraph (2), the contents of the dispute settlement shall have the same effect as a judicial compromise.
Expenses necessary for the establishment, equipment, operation and affairs of the Korea Consumer Agency shall be covered by the following funds:
Contributions made by the State and local governments
Other revenues accrued from the operation of the Korea Consumer Agency.
The purpose of this Act is to prescribe consumers' rights and duties, the duties of the State, local governments and businesses, the roles of consumer organizations and relationship between consumers and business entities in free market economy in order to protect consumers' rights and interests, and also to prescribe basic matters necessary for comprehensively facilitating consumer policies, and thereby to contribute to the improvement of consumers' lives and the development of national economy.
The Korea Consumer Agency shall be established for the purpose of carrying out effectively a policy for promotion of consumers' rights and interests.
The Korea Consumer Agency shall be a juristic person.
The Korea Consumer Agency may establish its branches in necessary places with the approval of the Fair Trade Commission.
The Korea Consumer Agency shall be constituted officially by effecting a registration of establishment in the seat of its principal office.
Consumers shall have the fundamental rights provided for in the following subparagraphs:
The right to have their lives, bodies or property protected against any danger or injury caused by goods or services (hereinafter referred to as "goods, etc.")
The right to be provided with the knowledge and information necessary for selecting goods, etc.
The right to select freely the other party of transaction, purchasing place, price, conditions of transaction, etc. for using goods, etc.
The right to have their opinions reflected in policies of the State and local governments, business activities of business entities, etc. which have an influence on their daily lives as consumers
The right to obtain proper compensation for damages sustained due to use of goods, etc. according to prompt and fair procedures
The right to receive the education necessary for carrying on their rational lives as consumers
The right to establish an organization and work therein in order to promote their rights and interests as consumers
The right to enjoy consumption in a safe and pleasant consumption environment.
Collection and handling of information on dangers or injuries pursuant to Article 52
In case that separate dispute settlement criteria based on statutes are more advantageous to consumers than the criteria for the settlement of consumer disputes under Article 8, the separate dispute settlement criteria shall take precedence over the criteria for the settlement of consumer disputes under Article 8 in applying.
In case that the dispute settlement criteria for the items in question are not prescribed in the criteria for the settlement of consumer disputes by items, the dispute settlement criteria for the similar items as prescribed by the criteria for the settlement of consumer disputes by items may be applicable mutatis mutandis.
In case that the criteria for the settlement of consumer disputes by items prescribe not less than two dispute settlement criteria for the same damage, the dispute settlement criteria chosen by consumers shall be applied.
The criteria for the settlement of consumer disputes as prescribed in Article 16 (2) of the Act shall be classified into the general criteria for the settlement of consumer disputes and the criteria for the settlement of consumer disputes by items.
The general criteria for the settlement of consumer disputes referred to in paragraph (1) shall be as shown in the attached Table 1.
The Fair Trade Commission may establish and publish the criteria for the settlement of consumer disputes by items in compliance with the general criteria for the settlement of consumer disputes referred to in paragraph (2). Amended by Presidential Decree No. 20683, Feb. 29, 2008
The Fair Trade Commission shall, in establishing and publishing the criteria for the settlement of consumer disputes by items, consult with heads of the central administrative agencies in charge of the relevant goods, etc. by items and hear the opinions of consumer organizations and trade associations, and other experts in related fields. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 20683, Feb. 29, 2008
Korean citizens residing abroad may, as prescribed by this Act, file a report or an application with the head of an embassy or consulate outside of the Republic of Korea (hereinafter referred to as "Korean diplomatic mission abroad") who has jurisdiction over the relevant area. Amended by Act No. 13124, Feb. 3, 2015
Where a Korean citizen residing in a foreign country has prepared documentary evidence concerning reporting by the method adopted by the foreign country, he or she shall submit a certified copy of the documentary evidence to the head of a Korean diplomatic mission abroad having jurisdiction over the relevant area, within three months. Amended by Act No. 13124, Feb. 3, 2015
Where the region in which a national of the Republic of Korea is does not belong to the jurisdiction of any Korean diplomatic mission abroad, a certified copy of documentary evidence shall be forwarded within three months to the head of the Si/Eup/Myeon of his or her place of registration or to the family relation registrar working in the relevant Overseas Koreans Family Register Office. Amended by Act No. 13124, Feb. 3, 2015
The Minister of Justice shall, if any of the following causes occurs, notify the head of the Si/Eup/Myeon of the place of registration of a person (place of registration as designated by the person where such person has no place of registration) of the matters prescribed by the Supreme Court Regulations: Amended by Act No. 10275, May 4, 2010
Where the Minister of Justice accepts a report filed by a person with multi-nationality on his or her selection of the nationality of the Republic of Korea in accordance with Article 13 of the Nationality Act
Where the Minister of Justice accepts a report of abandonment of nationality in accordance with Article 14 (1) of the Nationality Act
Where a person is adjudicated as a national of the Republic of Korea in accordance with Article 20 of the Nationality Act.
Where a person who is adjudicated as a national of the Republic of Korea is not registered, the head of the relevant Si/Eup/Myeon who receives such notice shall prepare a register.
An overseas election commission may, when necessary for administration of an overseas election, request the head of the relevant mission to cooperate, and the head of the mission requested so shall comply with such request preferentially.
A person who has acquired multiple nationalities before fully turning 20 years of age shall choose one nationality before fully turning 22 years of age and a person who has acquired multiple nationalities after fully turning 20 years of age shall choose one nationality within two years from such time pursuant to Articles 13 and 14: Provided, That this shall not apply to any person with multiple nationalities who has vowed his or her intention not to exercise his or her foreign nationality in the Republic of Korea to the Minister of Justice, pursuant to Article 10 (2). Amended by Act No. 10275, May 4, 2010
Notwithstanding the main sentence of paragraph (1), a person assigned to the preliminary military service under Article 8 of the Military Service Act shall choose one nationality either within three months from the date of enlistment, or within two years from the date he or she falls under any subparagraph of paragraph (3): Provided, That if a person intends to choose the nationality of the Republic of Korea under Article 13, he or she may do so even before he or she falls under any subparagraph of paragraph (3). Amended by Act No. 10275, May 4, 2010 Act No. 14183, May 29, 2016
Any person who was born while his lineal ascendent stayed abroad without the intention of permanently residing in any foreign country may make a declaration of his intention to renounce his Korean nationality under Article 14, only when the person falls under any of the following subparagraphs, with respect to his obligation for military service: Amended by Act No. 10275, May 4, 2010 Act No. 14183, May 29, 2016
Where he has completed, or is deemed to have completed, his active military service, full-time reserve service or replacement status
Where he is enlisted in the second militia service
Where he is exempt from military service.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8892, Mar. 14, 2008
A person with multiple nationalities who intends to choose the nationality of the Republic of Korea within a period prescribed in the main sentence of Article 12 (1) may either renounce his or her foreign nationality or declare his or her intention to choose the nationality of the Republic of Korea to the Minister of Justice after vowing his or her intention not to exercise his or her foreign nationality in the Republic of Korea, as prescribed by the Minister of Justice. Amended by Act No. 10275, May 4, 2010
A person with multiple nationalities who intends to choose the nationality of the Republic of Korea after the expiration of a period prescribed in the main sentence of Article 12 (1) may declare his or her intention to choose the nationality of the Republic of Korea to the Minister of Justice only after the person has renounced his or her foreign nationality: Provided, That a person falling under Article 12 (3) 1 may declare his or her intention to choose the nationality of the Republic of Korea in the manner prescribed in paragraph (1) within two years from the time the person falls thereunder. Newly Inserted by Act No. 10275, May 4, 2010
Notwithstanding paragraph (1) and the proviso to paragraph (2), a person whose mother is deemed to have resided in a foreign country for the purpose of having the person acquire the nationality of the foreign country at the time of his or her birth may declare his or her intention to choose the nationality of the Republic of Korea to the Minister of Justice only after the person has renounced his or her foreign nationality. Newly Inserted by Act No. 10275, May 4, 2010
Requirements for the acceptance and procedures for declaration prescribed in paragraphs (1) through (3) and other necessary matters shall be determined by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 10275, May 4, 2010
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8892, Mar. 14, 2008
A person with multiple nationalities who intends to choose the nationality of a foreign state may do so insofar as he or she is domiciled abroad, by declaring his or her intention to renounce the nationality of the Republic of Korea to the Minister of Justice via the head of a diplomatic mission overseas having jurisdiction over the place of the persons residence Provided, That anyone prescribed in the main sentence of Article 12 (2) or paragraph (3) of the same Article may make such declaration within the relevant period or only after the relevant grounds arise. Amended by Act No. 10275, May 4, 2010
A person who has declared his or her intention to renounce nationality pursuant to paragraph (1) shall lose the nationality of the Republic of Korea at the time the Minister of Justice accepts the declaration thereof. Amended by Act No. 10275, May 4, 2010
Requirements and procedures for declaration and acceptance thereof under paragraph (1) and other necessary matters shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 10275, May 4, 2010
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8892, Mar. 14, 2008
A national of the Republic of Korea who voluntarily acquires the nationality of a foreign country shall lose the nationality of the Republic of Korea at the time when he or she acquires the foreign nationality.
Any of the following nationals of the Republic of Korea shall be deemed to have lost his or her nationality of the Republic of Korea retroactively from the time of acquisition of the foreign nationality, if he or she fails to declare his or her intention to retain the nationality of the Republic of Korea to the Minister of Justice within six months after acquisition of the foreign nationality:
A person who has acquired the same nationality as his or her spouse, through marriage to an alien
A person who has acquired the nationality of an adoptive father or mother through adoption by an alien
A person who has acquired the nationality of his or her father or mother through acknowledgement by a foreign father or mother
A minor or the spouse of a person who has lost the nationality of the Republic of Korea through the acquisition of a foreign nationality, and has concurrently acquired the foreign nationality under Acts of the foreign country.
With respect to a person who has lost the nationality of the Republic of Korea due to the acquisition of that of a foreign country, where the date of acquisition of the nationality of the foreign country is unknown, the date his or her foreign passport was first issued shall be deemed to be the date he or she acquired the nationality of the foreign country.
Procedures for reporting under paragraph (2) and other necessary matters shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8892, Mar. 14, 2008
No person who has lost the nationality of the Republic of Korea shall enjoy the rights afforded only to nationals of the Republic of Korea, from the time of such loss of nationality.
Where a person has acquired transferable rights under paragraph (1) when he or she was a national of the Republic of Korea, he or she shall transfer them to a national of the Republic of Korea within three years, unless otherwise prescribed by laws and regulations related to such rights.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8892, Mar. 14, 2008
Where it is unclear whether a person has acquired or is possessing the nationality of the Republic of Korea, the Minister of Justice may determine such fact after screening.
Procedures for screening and determination under paragraph (1) and other necessary matters shall be determined by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8892, Mar. 14, 2008
Any person with multiple nationalities who intends to choose the nationality of the Republic of Korea under Article 13 (1) or under the proviso to Article 13 (2) of the Act shall follow procedures to renounce or lose the nationality of a foreign country under Article 11 (1) or (2) within the period designated and complete a report on choice of nationality prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Justice and submit such report to the Minister of Justice or make a vow not to exercise a foreign nationality under Article 11 (3) and (4) and then complete a report on choice of nationality and submit such report to the head of an immigration office, etc. In such cases, the head of an immigration office, etc. shall send the report on choice of nationality that he or she has received to the Minister of Justice without delay. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28870, May 8, 2018
Any person with multiple nationalities who intends to file a report on his or her intention to choose the nationality of the Republic of Korea under the main sentence of Article 13 (2) or under Article 13 (3) of the Act shall follow procedures to renounce or lose the nationality of a foreign country, complete a report on choice of nationality prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Justice and submit such report to the Minister of Justice.
The term "a person whose mother is deemed to have resided in a foreign country for the purpose of having the person acquire the nationality of the foreign country at the time of his or her birth" in Article 13 (3) of the Act means a person who was born during a sojourn in a foreign country after his or her mother who lives mainly in the Republic of Korea has left for the foreign country during pregnancy for the purpose of having the person acquire the nationality of the foreign country: Provided, That a person whose father or mother falls under any of the following subparagraphs shall be excluded herefrom:
Where he or she has lived in a foreign country for at least two years consecutively adding up the periods both before and after the birth of the person
Where he or she has acquired the right of permanent residence or nationality of the foreign country before or after the birth of the person
Where he or she has been staying in a foreign country at the time of birth of the person for a period determined by the Minister of Justice on reasonable grounds in view of the prevailing social norms, such as studying abroad, dispatch for public services, sojourn abroad, and employment.
When the Minister of Justice accepts a report on choice of nationality under paragraphs (1) through (3), he or she shall inform a person who has submitted the report and the head of the family register office at the place of registration thereof without delay.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22750, Mar. 29, 2011
A person with multiple nationalities who intends to declare his or her intention to renounce his or her nationality of the Republic of Korea under Article 14 (1) of the Act shall prepare a report on renunciation of nationality prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Justice and submit it to the head of a diplomatic mission abroad having jurisdiction over the place of his or her residence, and the head of a diplomatic mission abroad shall send it to the Minister of Justice without delay.
The Minister of Justice shall accept a report on renunciation of nationality under paragraph (1) only if the requirements for accepting the renunciation of nationality as referred to in Article 14 (1) of the Act are met.
When the Minister of Justice accepts a report on renunciation of nationality under paragraphs (1) and (2), he or she shall inform a person who has submitted the report through the head of a diplomatic mission abroad who has received the report thereof without delay, notify the head of the family register office at the place of registration thereof, and make a public announcement thereof in the Official Gazette.
If a person who has renounced the nationality is on the register of residence, the Minister of Justice shall inform the head of the relevant resident registration office thereof.
Document to be notified to the head of the family register office or resident registration office at the place of registration under paragraph (3) or (4) shall include the following information:
Name, date of birth, gender, and place of registration of a person who has renounced nationality
Ground for and date of renunciation of nationality
Foreign nationality.
If a person who has renounced the nationality holds a passport of the Republic of Korea already issued, the Minister of Justice may notify the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the information listed in the subparagraphs of paragraph (5) and the relevant passport number. Newly Inserted by Presidential Decree No. 28255, Aug. 29, 2017
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22750, Mar. 29, 2011
The head of each Si/Gun/Gu shall issue a resident registration certificate to a person who has registered his or her domicile within the jurisdiction of such Si/Gun/Gu and who is at least 17 years of age: Provided, That where a person with a severe visual impairment falling under any of categories from 1 to 3 as classified in Article 2 (2) of the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities, applies for an issuance of a resident registration certificate, the head may issue to such person, a resident registration certificate printed in Braille designed for persons with vision disabilities. Amended by Act No. 10733. May 30, 2011
Each resident registration certificate shall contain the name, identification photo, resident registration number, address, and finger prints, of the holder the date of issuance and the authority with which the resident is registered: Provided, That the blood type of the holder may be inserted additionally at the resident's request, as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
The head of each Si/Gun/Gu shall additionally include in a resident registration certificate issued to a Korean national residing abroad a statement that he or she is a Korean national residing abroad. Newly Inserted by Act No. 12279, Jan. 21, 2014
A person (excluding any Korean national residing or staying abroad) who attains the age of eligibility for issuance of the resident registration certificate pursuant to paragraph (1), shall file an application for issuance of the resident registration certificate with the head of the competent Si/Gun/Gu, as prescribed by Presidential Decree. In such cases, the head of the competent Si/Gun/Gu may issue a peremptory notice to a person (excluding any Korean national residing or staying abroad) who has not filed an application for issuance of the certificate, by a deadline prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 12279, Jan. 21, 2014 Act No. 14286, Dec. 2, 2016
If a Korean national residing or staying abroad aged at least 17 who has yet to be issued a resident registration certificate enters the Republic of Korea with intent to reside therein for at least 30 days, he or she shall file an application for issuance of a resident registration certificate with the head of the competent Si/Gun/Gu, as prescribed by Presidential Decree. Newly Inserted by Act No. 12279, Jan. 21, 2014 Act No. 14286, Dec. 2, 2016
If deemed necessary, the Minister of the Interior and Safety may require the head of each Si/Gun/Gu to simultaneously renew or affix a seal of approval to all resident registration certificates already issued. Amended by Act No. 8852, Feb. 29, 2008 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12844, Nov. 19, 2014 Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017
The forms of and procedures for applying for the issuance of resident registration certificates, shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
No fee shall be collected in return for the issuance of resident registration certificates, except as otherwise expressly provided for in Article 27, and no tax or public charge, for any reason, shall be collected for issuing resident registration certificates.
Where parties to a transaction enters into any of the following contracts, they shall jointly report matters prescribed by Presidential Decree, including the real transaction price, etc., to the head of the relevant Si (referring to the head of a Si without a Gu, the Special Self-Governing City Mayor, or the head of an administrative city in the Special Self-Governing Province)/Gun/Gu (hereinafter referred to as "report-receiving authority") having jurisdiction over the location of the real estate, etc. which is the object of the title (referring to the real estate which is the object of the title, in the case of a contract on the title) within 30 days from the date of the transaction contract: Provided, That if one of the parties to a transaction is the State, a local government or a person prescribed by Presidential Decree (hereinafter referred to as the "State, etc."), the report shall be filed by the State, etc.: Amended by Act No. 14569, Feb. 8, 2017 Act No. 16494, Aug. 20, 2019
A real estate sales contract
A contract for supply of real estate under the statutes prescribed by Presidential Decree, such as the Housing Site Development Promotion Act and the Housing Act
A sales contract which is for any of the following:
(a) The status as a person selected to receive transfer of real estate pursuant to a contract referred to in subparagraph 2
(b) The status as a selected occupant, which is acquired based on authorization for the management and disposition plan provided for in Article 74 of the Act on the Improvement of Urban Areas and Residential Environments and authorization for project implementation plan provided for in Article 29 of the Act on Special Cases concerning Unoccupied House or Small-Scale Housing Improvement.
Notwithstanding paragraph (1), if one of the parties to a transaction refuses to file a report, the other party may file a report solely, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport.
Where a practicing licensed real estate agent defined in subparagraph 4 of Article 2 of the Licensed Real Estate Agents Act (hereinafter referred to as "practicing licensed real estate agent") has prepared and delivered a contract document for a transaction under Article 26 (1) of the same Act, the relevant practicing licensed real estate agent shall file a report under the same paragraph, notwithstanding paragraph (1). In such cases, if the transaction has been brokered jointly, the relevant practicing licensed real estate agents shall jointly file a report.
Notwithstanding paragraph (3), if one of the practicing licensed real estate agents has refused to file a report, paragraph (2) shall apply mutatis mutandis. Newly Inserted by Act No. 16494, Aug. 20, 2019
A report-receiving authority in receipt of report under paragraphs (1) through (4) shall issue a certificate of completion of reporting to the reporter without delay after verifying the reported matters. Amended by Act No. 16494, Aug. 20, 2019
When a reporter receives a certificate of completion of report under paragraph (5), the buyer of the real estate, etc. shall be deemed to have obtained a seal of approval under Article 3 (1) of the Act on Special Measures for the Registration of Real Estate. Amended by Act No. 16494, Aug. 20, 2019
The procedures for reporting under paragraphs (1) through (6) and other necessary matters shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. Amended by Act No. 16494, Aug. 20, 2019
When a foreigner, etc. enters into a contract on acquisition of any real estate, etc. in the territory of the Republic of Korea (excluding contracts set forth in subparagraphs of Article 3 (1)), he or she shall file a report thereon with the report-receiving authority within 60 days from the conclusion date of the contract, as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
When a foreigner, etc. acquires any real estate, etc. within the territory of the Republic of Korea by means of inheritance, auction, or any cause other than contracts prescribed by Presidential Decree, he or she shall file a report thereon with the report-receiving authority within six months from the date of acquisition of the real estate, etc., as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Where a national of the Republic of Korea who possesses any real estate, etc. within the territory of the Republic of Korea or a corporation or organization incorporated under the statutes of the Republic of Korea becomes a foreigner, etc., and if the relevant foreigner, etc. intends to possess the relevant real estate, etc. continuously, the foreigner, etc. shall file a report thereon with the report-receiving authority within six months from the date of change to foreigner, etc., as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Any of the following persons shall be punished by an administrative fine not exceeding 30 million won: Amended by Act No. 16494, Aug. 20, 2019
A person who files a false report under Article 3, in violation of subparagraph 4 of Article 4
A person who files a false report under Article 3-2, in violation of subparagraph 5 of Article 4
A person who fails to submit any material that substantiates the payment of a transaction price or submits false material, or a person who fails to take necessary measures, in violation of Article 6.
Any of the following persons shall be punished by an administrative fine not exceeding five million won:
A person who fails to file a report under Article 3 (1) through (4), in violation of the same paragraph (including a person who refuses to file a joint report)
1-2. A person who fails to file a report under Article 3-2 (1), in violation of the same paragraph (including a person who refuses to file a joint report)
A person who requests a practicing licensed real estate agent not to file a report referred to in Article 3 or to file a false report, in violation of subparagraph 1 of Article 4
A person who encourages or aids a person in filing a false report under Article 3, in violation of subparagraph 3 of Article 4
A person who fails to submit any material other than the one that substantiates the payment of the transaction price or submits false material, in violation of Article 6.
A person who files a false report set forth in Article 3 (1) through (4) or subparagraph 2 of Article 4, in violation of the same provision shall be punished by an administrative fine not exceeding five percent of the acquisition value of the relevant real estate, etc. Amended by Act No. 16494, Aug. 20, 2019
A person who fails to file a report under Article 8 (1) or files a false report shall be punished by an administrative fine not exceeding three million won.
Any of the following persons shall be punished by an administrative fine not exceeding one million won:
A person who fails to file a report on acquisition under Article 8 (2) or files a false report
A person who fails to file a report on continuous possession of land under Article 8 (3) or files a false report.
Administrative fines prescribed in paragraphs (1) through (5) shall be imposed and collected by the report-receiving authority, as prescribed by Presidential Decree. In such cases, the report-receiving authority which has imposed an administrative fine shall notify the imposition of the administrative fine to the head of the Si/Gun/Gu having jurisdiction over the brokerage office of the relevant practicing licensed real estate agent (referring to the principal brokerage office in cases of a corporation) within ten days from the imposition date.
Notwithstanding Articles 3 and 8, where any land that a foreigner, etc. intends to acquire is located in any of the following zones, areas, etc., he or she shall obtain permission from the report-receiving authority for the acquisition of the land before entering into a contract for the land acquisition (hereinafter referred to as "land acquisition contract"), as prescribed by Presidential Decree: Provided, That the same shall not apply where a permission for the land transaction contract is obtained under Article 11:
Military bases and installation protection zones defined in subparagraph 6 of Article 2 of the Protection of Military Bases and Installations Act, and such other areas as may be necessary to limit land especially acquisition by a foreigner, etc. for the purposes of national defense as prescribed by Presidential Decree
Designated cultural heritage defined in Article 2 (2) of the Cultural Heritage Protection Act, and protective facilities or protection zones therefor
Ecological and scenery conservation areas defined in subparagraph 12 of Article 2 of the Natural Environment Conservation Act
Special districts for protection of wildlife under Article 27 of the Wildlife Protection and Management Act.
Following consultation with the heads of related administrative agencies, a report-receiving authority shall grant permission under paragraph (1), if the acquisition of land by a foreigner, etc. in a zone, area, etc. that falls under any subparagraph of paragraph (1) does not disrupt the attainment of the purpose of designation of the relevant zone, area, etc.
A land acquisition contract concluded in violation of paragraph (1) shall be null and void.
Parties that intend to enter into a contract (including any pre-engagement hereinafter referred to as "land transaction contract") on the transfer or establishment (limited to the transfer or establishment in return for consideration) of the ownership or superficies (including the right aimed at acquiring the ownership or superficies) over the land located within an area subject to permission shall jointly obtain permission from the head of a Si/Gun/Gu, as prescribed by Presidential Decree. The same shall also apply to intended alterations to permitted matters.
No permission under paragraph (1) is required for a transaction contract of any land not exceeding the area for each use prescribed by Presidential Decree comprehensively considering the trends of economy and land prices, the unit area for transaction, etc.
Each person who intends to obtain permission under paragraph (1) shall file an application for permission stating the terms and conditions of the relevant contract, a land use plan, a funding plan for the purchase, etc. with the head of a Si/Gun/Gu. In such cases, matters to be included in the land use plan, the funding plan for the purchase, etc. shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport: Provided, That where a funding plan submitted to the head of a Si/Gun/Gu is altered, the details of such alteration may be submitted to the head of the Si/Gun/Gu by the registration date of the land acquired.
Upon receipt of an application for permission filed under paragraph (3), the head of a Si/Gun/Gu shall decide on permission or non-permission within the processing period provided for in the Civil Petitions Treatment Act, and issue a permit to the relevant applicant, or notify the relevant applicant of the grounds for non-permission in writing: Provided, That where the advance-sale consultation procedures are under way pursuant to Article 15, he or she shall inform the relevant applicant of such fact within the aforementioned period.
Where no permit is issued nor any notification of the grounds for non-permission or advance-sale consultation is given within the period referred to in paragraph (4), permission under paragraph (1) shall be deemed granted on the date following the expiration of the relevant period. In such cases, the head of a Si/Gun/Gu shall issue a permit to the relevant applicant without delay.
No land transaction contract entered into without permission under paragraph (1) shall take effect.
Methods of computing the area of land referred to in paragraph (2) and other necessary matters shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
When any of the following persons is aboard a ship sailing to or from a foreign country as a crew member, or resides or stays abroad for not less than the period prescribed by the Commissioner of the Military Manpower Administration, his draft physical examination, follow-up draft physical examination, enlistment, etc. under Article 60 (1) 1 and 2 or (2) of the Act shall be deemed postponed: Provided, That the postponement of enlistment for any person whose date of enlistment, etc. has been determined shall be subject to conditions separately determined by the Commissioner of the Military Manpower Administration: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24890, Dec. 4, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 27620, Nov. 29, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 28905, May 28, 2018
A person who has obtained permission for overseas travel or for extended overseas travel under Article 70 (1) or (3) of the Act
A person who is under 25 years of age and has not been called for preliminary military service or supplementary service.
Any person born in a foreign country or any person who has resided in a foreign country after he reported his emigration to any foreign country pursuant to the Emigration Act may postpone his draft physical examination, follow-up draft physical examination, enlistment, etc. on account of the verification of the relevant facts by the head of the diplomatic mission abroad, the head of the immigration office of the Ministry of Justice, or the head of the immigration branch office of the Ministry of Justice. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24890, Dec. 4, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 27620, Nov. 29, 2016
The draft physical examination, follow-up draft physical examination, enlistment, etc. of persons arrested or are facing an execution of sentence for their crimes shall be deemed postponed. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24890, Dec. 4, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 27620, Nov. 29, 2016
Where any person subject to a disposition to postpone his draft physical examination, follow-up draft physical examination, enlistment, etc. pursuant to paragraph (2) falls under any item of Article 147-2 (1) 1, the disposition taken to postpone the draft physical examination, follow-up draft physical examination, enlistment, etc. and the permission for overseas travel or the permission for extension of overseas travel period shall be revoked and the military duty shall be imposed however, the same shall not apply during the period in which any person falling under Article 147-2 (1) 1 (c) or (e) falls under second generation Korean national residing abroad. In such cases, the provisions of Article 147-2 (2) shall apply when the military duty is imposed. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24890, Dec. 4, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 27620, Nov. 29, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 28905, May 28, 2018
"Second generation Korean national residing abroad" in paragraph (4) means a person who himself and his parents have continued to reside in a foreign country by age 17 after he was born in a foreign country (including any person who left Korea for a foreign country before he turned 6 years of age), falling under any of the following sub-paragraphs. In such cases, if he studies in a school prescribed in Article 2 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act in Korea within three years before he turns 17, or if the person himself or his parents reside (the period of residing in Korea shall be added up by counting backward from the date when calculation is made, and the date of his entry into Korea shall be included and the date of his departure from Korea shall be excluded) in Korea within 90 days out of one year until he reaches the age of 17, he shall be deemed to continue to reside abroad: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23305, Nov. 23, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 25687, Nov. 4, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 28473, Dec. 19, 2017
Persons who have obtained nationality, citizenship or permanent residency status (excluding any conditional permanent residency status) from a foreign government
Persons who have obtained indefinite stay status (including long-term stay status of at least five years) in any foreign country that has no system under which the permanent residency status is granted
Persons who have continued to reside in a foreign country which grants only short-term stay status of less than five years after filing a report of emigration pursuant to Article 6 of the Emigration Act.
The Commissioner of the Military Manpower Administration, heads of regional military manpower offices or heads of diplomatic missions abroad shall verify the second generation Korean national residing abroad prescribed in paragraph (5) by a certificate concerning family relationship, certificate of permanent residency (including nationality, citizenship and qualification for a long-term right to stay for at least five years), immigration records, etc. In such cases, the heads of diplomatic missions abroad shall immediately send the confirmed list and papers certifying such fact to the heads of regional military manpower offices.
Where "a second generation Korean national residing abroad" under paragraph (5) falls under any of the following, such person shall not be considered "a second generation Korean national residing abroad": Newly Inserted by Presidential Decree No. 23305, Nov. 23, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 24413, Mar. 23, 2013
Where the principal, his father, or his mother has reported the permanent returning to Korea to the Minister of Foreign Affairs under Article 12 of the Emigration Act
Where the principal has stayed for at least three years in Korea after he has turned 18.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21867, Dec. 7, 2009
In cases where any person liable for military service who has continuously resided abroad or his parents fall under any of the following subparagraphs before he reaches 25 years of age, he shall be deemed to have obtained permission for overseas travel up to 37 years of age: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22286, Jul. 21, 2010 Decree No. 23305, Nov. 23, 2011
Where the principal or his parents obtain permanent resident status (excluding conditional permanent resident status) in a foreign country, or he or they obtain indefinite stay status or long-term stay status of not less than five years in a country that does not enforce a permanent resident status system and continuously reside abroad
Where the principal or his parents obtain stay status as special permanent resident or permanent resident in Japan and continuously reside abroad
Where the principal continuously resides together with his parents in a foreign country after he was born in such foreign country and has obtained the foreign country's nationality or citizenship
Where the principal or his parents emigrate to any foreign country in accordance with the Emigration Act and continuously reside abroad
Where the principal departs from the Republic of Korea with his parent who are not a resident employee before his age of 18 and continuously reside abroad.
In cases where anyone who falls under any subparagraph of paragraph (1) intends to have his passport issued, he shall submit a document attesting the fact (including an electronic document) to the Commissioner of the Military Manpower Administration through the head of a diplomatic mission abroad. In such cases, the Commissioner of the Military Manpower Administration may, pursuant to Article 80 of the Act, request the head of a relevant agency to provide materials related to annuity coverage of the parents of the person liable for military service so as to ascertain whether any of the parents is a resident employee pursuant to paragraph (1) 5. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23305, Nov. 23, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 28340, Sep. 22, 2017
In cases where anyone who is deemed to have obtained permission for overseas travel pursuant to paragraph (1) falls under any item of Article 147-2 (1) 1, the permission for overseas travel for him shall be deemed revoked and a military service obligation may be imposed on him. In such cases, the proviso to the part other than the subparagraphs of Article 147-2 (1) and paragraph (2) of the same Article shall apply to him.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21867, Dec. 7, 2009
Any person who intends to file a report on capital transactions pursuant to Article 18 (1) of the Act shall submit to the Minister of Economy and Finance the documents for reporting determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Economy and Finance. In such cases, detailed matters concerning reporting procedures, methods, etc. of report shall be determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Economy and Finance.
"Capital transactions prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the proviso to Article 18 (1) of the Act means the transactions in the following subparagraphs:
Transactions performed by a foreign exchange agency as a foreign exchange business: Provided, That any transaction publicly notified by the Minister of Economy and Finance as a transaction, which is likely to disturb the order of foreign exchange transactions or which may provoke sudden inflow or outflow of foreign currency, may be made to be reported
Small capital transactions of less than the amount determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Economy and Finance
Deposit transactions by a person who stays in a foreign country with a non-resident
Transactions acknowledged as being insignificant by the Minister of Economy and Finance including modification, etc. of a contract which do not accompany additional capital inflow or outflow
Other transactions determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Economy and Finance.
In determining whether to accept a report pursuant to Article 18 (3) of the Act, the Minister of Economy and Finance shall determine whether to accept or reject the report, or recommend transaction details to be modified within the processing period referred to in paragraph (7), and notify the applicant thereof. In such cases, if it falls under any case publicly notified in advance which is recognized as standardized overseas direct investment in consideration of the type of business for investment, investment pattern, scale of investment, etc., the examination of requirements may be omitted.
In making an examination under paragraph (3), where it is deemed difficult to examine the details of report because they are unclear, the Minister of Economy and Finance may request the applicant to promptly supplement them within a considerable period specified, and return documents for report if the applicant fails to supplement them within the said period.
Any person who has been advised to modify the transaction details pursuant to paragraph (3) shall notify the Minister of Economy and Finance of whether he or she accepts such recommendations for modification within ten days from the date of receipt of such recommendations, and if the applicant fails to do so within the said period, he or she shall be deemed to have rejected such recommendation.
Where the Minister of Economy and Finance receives a notice of non-acceptance under paragraph (5), he or she shall determine whether to issue an order to modify or suspend such capital transactions within ten days from the date of receipt of such notice (the date when ten days elapsed since the date when the reporter receives recommendations for modification in the absence of such notice), and notify the reporter thereof.
"Processing period prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 18 (4), with the exception of its subparagraphs, of the Act means 30 days. In such cases, the period required for supplementation referred to in paragraph (4) shall not be counted in the processing period.
A foreigner who is excluded from becoming workplace-based insured person or individually insured person as a matter of course prescribed in Article 126 (1) of the Act shall be follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 20679, Feb. 29, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 22075, Mar. 15, 2010 Presidential Decree No. 29163, Sep. 18, 2018
A foreigner who stays without obtaining a permit for an extended period of stay prescribed in Article 25 of the Immigration Act
A foreigner who fails to make a foreigner registration prescribed in Article 31 of the Immigration Act or to whom a forced deportation order has been issued under Article 59 (2) of the same Act
A foreigner who is qualified to stay under attached Tables 1 through 1-3 of the Enforcement Decree of the Immigration Act, who is determined by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare.
The director of the quarantine station may omit the quarantine inspection of a means of military transport if the head of the means of military transport notifies as follows:
Where the head of the means of military transport notifies that there is no patient or probable patient of a quarantinable infectious disease in the means of military transport
Where the head of the means of military transport notifies that vectors of infectious diseases are not found in the means of military transport.
Where a means of transport approaches a place for quarantine, the head of the means of transport shall notify the director of the quarantine station having jurisdiction over the relevant place for quarantine of the matters prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare, including whether there is a patient of a quarantinable infectious disease and the sanitary state, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare: Provided, That where a means of transport approaches for such reasons as seizure, surrender or distress, the head of an investigation agency may notify such matters. Amended by Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010
Where the Minister of Health and Welfare deems that the following persons are likely to pose a substantial risk to public health, the Minister of Health and Welfare may request the Minister of Justice to prohibit or suspend the entry and departure of such persons: Provided, That a request for prohibition or suspension of entry shall apply to foreigners alone: Amended by Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010 Act No. 13980, Feb. 3, 2016 Act No. 17068, Mar. 4, 2020
A patient of a quarantinable infectious disease, etc.
A contact of a patient of a quarantinable infectious disease, etc.
A person exposed to a risk factor of a quarantinable infectious disease
A person entering the Republic of Korea from or via a quarantine inspection required area or similar area.
The director of the quarantine station may request the head of the relevant customs office to isolate goods deemed to require disinfection from other goods in order to keep the former from having contact with the latter among goods on the list of loaded goods.
The director of the quarantine station may take any of the following measures in relation to a person who intends to enter or depart from the Republic of Korea when a quarantinable infectious disease is likely to spread:
Requesting information about the area and duration of his or her travel
Requesting information about his or her health conditions in relation to the quarantinable infectious disease
Requesting a document certifying that he or she is vaccinated
Testing and examining the person to check if he or she is infected with the quarantinable infectious disease.
The definitions of terms used in this Act shall be as follows: Amended by Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010 Act No. 13980, Feb. 3, 2016 Act No. 15266, Dec. 19, 2017 Act No. 17068, Mar. 4, 2020
The term "quarantinable infectious disease" means any of the following diseases:
(a) Cholera
(b) Pest
(c) Yellow fever
(d) Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS)
(e) Animal influenza infection in humans
(f) Novel influenza
(g) Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS)
(h) Infectious diseases deemed and publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare as requiring emergency quarantine measures because they have occurred in other countries and are likely to spread within the Republic of Korea or they have occurred within the Republic of Korea and are likely to spread into other countries, except as otherwise prescribed in items (a) through (g)
The term "means of transport" means any ship, aircraft, train or motor vehicle
The term "patient of a quarantinable infectious disease" means a person infected with the pathogen of a quarantinable infectious disease to show symptoms and confirmed by a physician through diagnosis and laboratory test
The term "probable patient of a quarantinable infectious disease" means a person suspected of being infected with the pathogen of a quarantinable infectious disease and in the stage prior to being confirmed
The term person suspected of contracting a quarantinable infectious disease means a person who has been in contact with a patient or probable patient of a quarantinable infectious disease or exposed to the pathogen of a quarantinable infectious disease and is suspected of contracting a quarantinable infectious disease despite showing no symptoms
The term "vector of infectious diseases" means a rat or vermin that transports harmful infection substances to public health
The term quarantine inspection required area means any area designated under Article 5 because a quarantinable infectious disease is, or is likely to be, epidemic in such area and is likely to be introduced to the Republic of Korea
The term strict quarantine inspection required area means any area designated under Article 5 from among quarantine inspection required areas as strict quarantine is required due to the fatality and high infectivity of a quarantinable infectious disease that is, or is likely to be, epidemic in such area.
The guidelines for imposition of administrative fines under Article 41 of the Act shall be as provided in the attached Table.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 27430, Aug. 2, 2016
A person who violates Article 36, 43, 44, 44-2, 46, 56, 65, 72 or 76-3 (6) shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than three years or by a fine not exceeding 30 million won. Amended by Act No. 8561, Jul. 27, 2007 Act No. 15108, Nov. 28, 2017 Act No. 16270, Jan. 15, 2019
A public prosecution against a person who violates Article 36, 43, 44, 44-2, 46 or 56 may not be raised against the clearly expressed will of the person who has suffered the loss concerned. Amended by Act No. 8561, Jul. 27, 2007
An employer shall, in addition to the ordinary wages, pay employees at least 50/100 thereof for extended work (referring to the work during the hours extended pursuant to Articles 53 and 59 and to the proviso to Article 69). Amended by Act No. 15513, Mar. 20, 2018
Notwithstanding paragraph (1), an employer shall, in addition to the ordinary wages, pay employees who perform work on a holiday an amount the same as or more than the following amounts: Newly Inserted by Act No. 15513, Mar. 20, 2018
Holiday work for up to eight hours: 50/100 of ordinary wages
Holiday work exceeding eight hours: 100/100 of ordinary wages.
An employer shall, in addition to the ordinary wages, pay at least 50/100 thereof to employees who perform night work (referring to the work performed between 10:00 p.m. and 6:00 a.m. of the next day). Newly Inserted by Act No. 15513, Mar. 20, 2018
"Types of employing units prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the proviso to Article 8 of the Act means any of the following business: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21015, Sep. 18, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 21348, Mar. 12, 2009 Presidential Decree No. 26368, Jun. 30, 2015
An agricultural business, a forestry business, and a fishery business run by any person, other than a juristic person, with a regular workforce of not more than four employees
Any of the following projects: Provided, That any project performed by any person who falls under the subparagraphs of Article 15 (2) of the Act shall be excluded herefrom:
Employment activity of households and other unclassified self-consumption and self-production.
(a) A project for which the total construction costs as defined by Article 2 (1) 2 of the Enforcement Decree of the Act on the Collection of Insurance Premiums, etc. for Employment Insurance and Industrial Accident Compensation Insurance (hereafter referred to as "total construction costs" in this Article) do not exceed 20 million won
(b) A project for construction of a building with a total floor area of not more than 100 square meters or substantial repair of a building with a total floor area of not more than 200 square meters
The scope of business falling under any of the subparagraphs of paragraph (1) shall be as prescribed in the standard classification of industries as publicly notified by the Commissioner of the Statistics Korea pursuant to Article 22 of the Statistics Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Korean Standard Industrial Classification Table"), except as otherwise provided in the Act or this Decree.
Where a construction project the total construction costs of which were estimated to be less than 20 million won becomes a project worth at least 20 million won because of a change in its plan or design (including cases where there is an actual change in its plan or design) or where a construction project becomes subject to the blanket application pursuant to Article 8 (1) or (2) of the Act on the Collection of Insurance Premiums, etc. for Employment Insurance and Industrial Accident Compensation Insurance (hereinafter referred to as the "Insurance Premium Collection Act"), all provisions of the Act shall become applicable to such project on the day when such event occurs.
The expenses incurred in connection with the training courses for employment under paragraph (1) may be paid to persons who attend such training courses or the institutions that provide such training courses: Provided, That where a person who receives training has paid training fees with credit cards prescribed in Article 2 of the Specialized Credit Financial Business Act, as prescribed by the Minister of Employment and Labor, and a credit card business entity who issued the credit card has paid the training fee to the training institution, the Minister of Employment and Labor may pay the training fee to the relevant credit card business entity on behalf of the trainee. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21152, Dec. 3, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 22269, Jul. 12, 2010
Where the business owner lays off employees for a period of at least one month
"Other reasons prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 48 (2) of the Act means the following: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22269, Jul. 12, 2010 Presidential Decree No. 23139, Sep. 15, 2011
Illness or injury of an eligible recipient (excluding illness or injury for which sickness benefits are paid pursuant to Article 63 of the Act)
Illness or injury of the eligible recipient's spouse
Illness or injury of a lineal ascendant or descendant of the eligible recipient or his or her spouse
Change of an eligible recipient's dwelling for cohabitation purposes following his or her spouse's receipt of an order to work abroad
Obligatory military service prescribed in the Military Service Act
Detention on account of an alleged crime or execution of a sentence (excluding persons ineligible for benefits pursuant to subparagraph 1 (a) of Article 58 of the Act)
Grounds that correspond to the provisions of subparagraphs 1 through 6, as specified by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor.
"Period prescribed by Presidential Decree" referred to in the latter part of Article 51 (2) of the Act means two years.
"Circumstances prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the main sentence of Article 53 (1) of the Act means any of the following circumstances: Provided, That in the case of subparagraphs 1 through 3, the foregoing shall not apply where such trend is expected to continue: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21348, Mar. 12, 2009
Where the rate calculated by dividing the number of persons who received job-seeking benefits each month (excluding the number of persons who received the training extension benefits, the individually extended benefits, or the specially extended benefits under Article 51 through 53 of the Act) by the number of insured employees as of the end of the month exceeds 3/100 for three consecutive months
The rate of applications filed for benefits each month exceeds 1/100 for three consecutive months
Where the monthly unemployment rate exceeds 6/100 for three consecutive months
Where the Deliberative Council on Employment Policy passes a resolution approving payment of specially extended benefits prescribed in Article 53 of the Act due to a rapid deterioration in the employment situation following a rapid rise, etc. in unemployment.
A long-distance job search allowances prescribed in Article 66 (1) of the Act shall be paid where an eligible recipient meets all the following requirements: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22269, Jul. 12, 2010
The business owner of the place of business to which the eligible recipient visits for job-seeking activities does not pay allowances incurred in connection with job-seeking activities or pays less than such long-distance job search allowances
The distance from the eligible recipient's domicile to the place of business to which he or she visits for job-seeking activities is equivalent to or exceeds the distance specified by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor. In such cases, the distance shall be calculated according to the ordinary distance from the domicile to the place of business, but the distance of a waterway shall be regarded twice as far as the actual distance.
The procedure for claiming long-distance job search allowances shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor. In such cases, Article 75 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the procedure for payment of long-distance job search allowances. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22269, Jul. 12, 2010
"Grounds prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the main sentence of Article 61 (2) of the Act means either of the following cases under which an eligible recipient falls:
Where the eligible recipient fails to report a fact that he or she has provided his or her labor during a period for which he or she intends to have his or her unemployment status recognized (hereafter referred to as "period of eligibility for recognition of unemployment" in this Article) or makes any untrue statements in filing an application for recognition of unemployment
Where the eligible recipient makes any untrue statements on his or her re-employment activities during the period eligible for recognition of unemployment in filing an application for recognition of unemployment.
Where the eligible recipient makes any untrue statements on his or her re-employment activities during the period eligible for recognition of unemployment in filing an application for recognition of unemployment.
A person who succeeds to the status of a petitioner for examination, as prescribed in Article 89 (5) of the Act shall report such fact to the competent examiner in writing, along with a document proving such succession.
Name of the disposition agency as the respondent
Details of the disposition subject to the petition for examination
Date on which the disposition is known to the petitioner
A written adjudication on a petition for review shall contain the following matters, and the Chairperson of the Board of Review and the members involved in the adjudication shall affix their signatures or seals thereon: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23139, Sep. 15, 2011
Case number and name
Name and address of the petitioner
Name of the administrative agency that made the original disposition
Name of the examiner who made the decision on the petition for review
Main text
Purport of the petition
Grounds
Date of adjudication.
This Act shall apply to businesses or work places under Article 6 of the Industrial Accident Compensation Insurance Act (hereinafter referred to as "business"): Provided, That this shall not apply to any business which is carried out directly by the State or local governments.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8816, Dec. 27, 2007
The Minister of Justice shall consult with the Minister of Foreign Affairs before temporarily suspending the application of the Visa Exemption Agreement pursuant to Article 7 (3) of the Act. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24415, Mar. 23, 2013
Where the Minister of Justice decides to temporarily suspend the application of the Visa Exemption Agreement pursuant to paragraph (1), he or she shall without delay notify the relevant country of such decision via the Minister of Foreign Affairs. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24415, Mar. 23, 2013
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23274, Nov. 1, 2011
Experience and expertise in conducting affairs related to social integration programs
A level of experts and educational facilities or equipment and materials the applicant has secured
Fidelity and feasibility of the operational plan
Whether designation has ever been cancelled pursuant to Article 50 (3) within the last three years
A method and ability to supply funds for the operation of an operating institution
Other matters deemed important by the Minister of Justice, such as participants accessibility to and convenience in the use of social integration programs.
A business owner who has had a hazard prevention plan reviewed pursuant to Article 42 (4) shall obtain verification from the Minister of Employment and Labor regarding the implementation of such hazard prevention plan, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor.
Any business owner prescribed in the proviso of Article 42 (1), with the exception of its subparagraphs, shall directly verify the implementation of a hazard prevention plan, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor: Provided, That where an employee dies during the relevant construction works (excluding cases prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor, including a traffic accident), a business owner shall obtain verification from the Minister of Employment and Labor regarding the implementation of a hazard prevention plan, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor.
Where the Minister of Employment and Labor finds that measures for preventing hazards and dangers have not been taken according to a hazard prevention plan based on the results of verification prescribed in paragraph (1) and the proviso of paragraph (2), he or she may order necessary measures, such as improving, and ceasing the use of, facilities, etc. or suspending the relevant work, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor.
The procedures and methods for improving, and ceasing the use of, facilities, etc. or suspending the relevant work prescribed in paragraph (3), and other necessary matters shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor.
A person for whom a certain amount of credit points have been recognized as prescribed in Article 7 shall be recognized as having the level of educational attainment similar to or higher than the level of educational attainment of a person who graduated from a university or college prescribed in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Higher Education Act or a junior college prescribed in subparagraph 4 of Article 2 of the same Act.
Standards for recognition of educational attainment prescribed in paragraph (1) shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8712, Dec. 21, 2007
The term "drug-addict prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 6 (2) 4 of the Act means any person addicted to hemp or psychotropic drugs.
Accommodation business and business offering beauty and hairdressing services shall be subdivided as follows pursuant to Article 2 (2) of the Act: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24774, Sept. 26, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 25657, Oct. 15, 2014
Accommodation business:
(a) Accommodation business (general): Business offering services, such as accommodations (excluding cooking facilities) and facilities, so that guests may sleep and stay
(b) Accommodation business (living): Business offering services, such as accommodations (including cooking facilities) and facilities, so that guests may sleep and stay
Business offering beauty and hairdressing services:
(a) Business offering beauty and hairdressing services (general): Business offering services including permanent curl, hair cut, the styling of hair, scalp care, hair coloring, hair washing, and eyebrow care without using medical appliances or medicines
(b) Business offering beauty and hairdressing services (skin): Business offering services including analysis on skin condition, skin care, hair waxing, eyebrow care without using medical appliances or medicines
(c) Business offering beauty and hairdressing services (fingernails and toenails): Business offering manicures and pedicures on fingernails and toenails
(d) Business offering beauty and hairdressing services (makeup and theatrical makeup): Business offering cosmetic makeup and theatrical makeup for a face and body and eyebrow care without using medical appliances or medicines
(e) Business offering beauty and hairdressing services (comprehensive): Business offering all services referred to in items (a) through (c).
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23503, Jan. 10, 2012
A merchant may choose his or her name or other names as his or her trade name.
With respect to money, securities and other valuables, no hospitality service provider shall be liable for damage resulting from the loss of or damage to such articles unless the guest deposits them to the business entity by expressly stating the description and value thereof.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10281, May 14, 2010
When a minor engages in any business upon the permission of his or her legal representative, registration thereof shall be required.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 15755, Sep. 18, 2018
No person, other than a company, may use in the trade name any lettering indicating a company. This shall also apply where a person has acquired the business of a company.
Matters requiring registration under this Act shall, upon application of the relevant party, be registered in the commercial register of the court having jurisdiction over the location of his or her business office.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10281, May 14, 2010
If a person who has registered a trade name does not use it for two years without good cause, the trade name shall be deemed nullified.
If a trade name has been changed or discontinued, and a person who has registered such trade name has failed to register such change or discontinuation within two weeks, any interested person may request for the cancellation of such registration.
Any person who engages in the business of making transactions by theaters, hotels, restaurants, or other facilities used by the public is called a hospitality service provider.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10281, May 14, 2010
Any person who violates Article 20 or 23 (1) shall be subject to an administrative fine not exceeding two million won. Amended by Act No. 3724, Apr. 10, 1984 Act No. 5053, Dec. 29, 1995
No trade name registered by another person shall be registered as a trade name of the same kind of business in the same Special Metropolitan City, Metropolitan City, or Si/Gun. Amended by Act No. 3724, Apr. 10, 1984 Act No. 4796, Dec. 22, 1994 Act No. 5053, Dec. 29, 1995
A single trade name shall be used in the same business.
The trade name of a branch office shall explicitly indicate its dependent relationship to the principal office.
The following activities conducted as business are classified as commercial activities: Provided, That this shall not apply to activities conducted by persons who manufacture goods or render services solely for the purpose of earning wages: Amended by Act No. 5053, Dec. 29, 1995 Act No. 10281, May 14, 2010
Sale of movables, immovables, securities, or any other assets
Lease of movables, immovables, securities, or any other assets
Activities relating to manufacturing, processing, or repair
Activities relating to the supply of electricity, electric wave, gas, or water
Undertaking of subcontracting execution of works or labor services
Activities relating to publishing, printing, or photographing
Activities relating to advertisements, communications, or information
Receiving and giving credit, exchanges, or other financial transactions
Transactions by facilities used by the public
Undertaking of agency for commercial transactions
Activities relating to brokerage
Activities relating to commission agency or any other intermediation
Undertaking of carriages
Undertaking of bailments
Undertaking of trusts
Mutual savings accounts and other similar acts
Insurance
Activities involving the collection of minerals or soil and stones
Activities involving financial lease of machinery, facilities, or any other assets
Activities involving business by consent to the use of a trade name, trademark, etc.
Activities involving purchase, recovery, etc. of business receivables
Undertaking of payment settlement affairs using a credit card, electronic currency, etc.
A person who makes it his or her business to effect sale and purchase of goods or securities under his or her own name on the account of another party is called a commission agent.
A person who engages in the business of acting on behalf of a particular merchant, not as a commercial employee of any person but as agent or broker in transactions falling within the same type of business as such merchant, is called a commercial agent.
If the assets of a company are insufficient to fully repay its all obligations, all the members shall be jointly and severally liable for the repayment of the obligations.
The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall also apply if a compulsory execution on the company's assets has proved ineffective.
The provisions of the preceding paragraph shall not apply if any member proves that the company is capable of performing its obligations and that the execution can easily be effected.
A limited partnership company shall be composed of both general partners and limited partners.
Unless otherwise provided for in the articles of incorporation, each of general partners shall have the rights and obligations to manage the business of the company.
Every shareholder shall have one vote for each share.
No company shall be entitled to vote in respect of treasury shares.
Where a company, its parent company and its subsidiary company together, or its subsidiary company alone holds more than one tenth of the total number of issued shares of another company, such another company shall have no voting rights for shares it holds of the company or the parent company. Newly Inserted by Act No. 3724, Apr. 10, 1984
The liability of a shareholder shall be limited to the subscription price that he or she has paid for his or her shares.
At an inaugural general meeting, directors and auditors shall be appointed.
Incorporators shall report in writing on matters relating to the incorporation of the company, at the inaugural general meeting.
A report under the preceding paragraph shall expressly specify the following:
General circumstances concerning subscription of shares and payment of subscription price
Actual conditions regarding the matters listed in Article 290.
Registration for incorporation of a stock company shall be made within two weeks from the date of completion of the procedures under Articles 299 and 300 in cases where the incorporators subscribed to the total number of shares issued at the time of incorporation, and within two weeks from the date of closing of the inaugural general meeting or from the date of completion of the procedures under Article 314 in cases where the incorporators have offered shares for subscription.
For the registration under paragraph (1), the following matters shall be registered: Amended by Act No.1212, Dec. 12, 1962 Act No. 3724, Apr. 10, 1984 Act No. 5053, Dec. 29, 1995 Act No. 6086, Dec. 31, 1999 Act No. 9362, Jan. 30, 2009 Act No. 10600, Apr. 14, 2011
The matters listed in Article 289 (1) 1 through 4, 6 and 7
The amount of the capital
The total number and class of shares issued and outstanding, and the details and number of each class of shares
3-2. Provisions that the transfer of shares requires the approval of the board of directors, if so determined
3-3. Provisions under which stock options are granted, if so decided
3-4. The place of each branch office
The period of existence or reasons for dissolution of the company, if determined
Deleted by Act No. 10600, Apr. 14, 2011
Retirement of shares out of profits to be distributed to shareholders, if so determined
The matters listed in Article 347, if convertible shares are issued
The names and resident registration numbers of inside directors, outside directors, other directors who are not engaged in regular business, auditors and executive directors
The name, resident registration number and address of the representative director or executive directors
Provisions that two or more representing directors or representative executive directors shall jointly represent the company, if so determined
The trade name and the principal office of a transfer agent, if any
The name and resident registration number of each auditor of the audit committee, if such committee has been set up.
The matters prescribed in Article 289 (1) 1, 2, 6, 7 and (2) 4, 9 and 10 shall be registered for the registration in cases of establishing or relocating a new branch office at the place of such established or relocated branch office, as the case may be. Amended by Act No. 5053, Dec. 29, 1995 Act No. 10600, Apr. 14, 2011
The provisions of Articles 181 through 183 shall apply mutatis mutandis to the registration of a stock company.
An inspector shall investigate the matters listed in the subparagraphs of Article 290 and whether or not the investment in kind pursuant to Article 295 has been made and shall report the outcomes thereof to the court.
The provisions of paragraph (1) shall not apply in cases falling under any of the following subparagraphs:
In cases where the total amount of assets under subparagarph 2 or 3 of Article 290 does not exceed both one fifth of the amount of capital and the amount determined by Presidential Decree
In cases where the assets under subparagarph 2 or 3 of Article 290 constitute securities for which there is an exchange based market, and the price stated in the articles of incorporation does not exceed the price calculated by the method determined by Presidential Decree
Other cases determined by Presidential Decree as equivalent to those under subparagarph 1 or 2.
An inspector shall, without delay after he or she has prepared a report of investigation under paragraph (1), deliver a copy thereof to each incorporator.
Where any statement in the report of investigation is contrary to the facts, incorporators may submit an explanatory document thereon to the court.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10600, Apr. 14, 2011
The statutory interest rate on obligations arising out of commercial activities shall be six percent per annum. Amended by Act No. 1212, Dec. 12, 1962
Except as otherwise provided for in this Act, the statute of limitations for a claim arising out of a commercial activity shall expire if it is not exercised for five years: Provided, That if a shorter period of statute of limitations is provided by other statutes, such provision shall apply.
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than two years or by a fine not exceeding 100 million won: Amended by Act No. 12035, Aug. 13, 2013 Act No. 12761, Oct. 15, 2014 Act No. 13518, Dec. 1, 2015 Act No. 16019, Dec. 24, 2018
A person who fails to obtain approval under Articles 17 (1) and 42 (4)
A person who fails to obtain authorization under the main clause, with the exception of the subparagraphs, of Article 18 (1) or approval under Article 19 (1)
A person who integrates telecommunications networks, appoints executive officers, acquires business, executes an agreement for a merger or sale of equipment, or takes follow-up measures for incorporating a company prior to obtaining authorization, in violation of Article 18 (9):
A person who fails to comply with an order to take measures to protect users under Article 19 (2) or 20 (3)
A person who operates the value-added telecommunications business without filing a report thereon under Article 22 (1)
A person who incapacitates the technical measures referred to in Article 22-3 (1) without any legitimate authority by means of removal, alteration, detour, etc., in violation of Article 22-3 (2)
A person who violates a disposition taken to suspend business operation under Article 20 (1)
A person who fails to comply with an order to discontinue business operations under Article 27 (1)
A person who fails to purchase a guarantee insurance policy, in violation of Article 32 (4)
A person who uses or provides information, in violation of Article 43
10-2. A person who damages, forges, or alters the unique identification number of a communications terminal device reported to a telecommunications business operator for reasons of loss, theft, etc. to hamper blocking of the use of such communications terminal device, in violation of Article 60-3
A person who fails to comply with an order to restrict or suspend telecommunications services under Article 85
A person who fails to obtain approval or approval for amendment or revocation, under Article 86 (2).
The Minister of Science and ICT shall delegate the following authority to the President of the Central Radio Management Service pursuant to Article 93 (2) of the Act: Provided, That this shall not apply to the following authority over the business possessing line equipment: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24445, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 26191, Apr. 14, 2015 Presidential Decree No. 27186, May 31, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 27412, Jul. 28, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 28210, Jul. 26, 2017 Presidential Decree No. 29886, Jun. 25, 2019
Registration of the facilities-based telecommunications business and the imposition of the conditions of such registration under Article 6 of the Act
Registration of modification of the facilities-based telecommunications business under Article 16 of the Act
Receipt and processing of a report prescribed in the proviso, with the exception of the subparagraphs, of Article 18 (1) of the Act
Receipt and processing of a report on suspension or discontinuation of the facilities-based telecommunications business prescribed in the proviso of Article 19 (1) of the Act
Cancellation of registration of the facilities-based telecommunications business and order to suspend such business under Article 20 (1) of the Act
Receipt and processing of a report on the value-added telecommunications business prescribed in Article 22 (1) of the Act
Registration of the special value-added telecommunications business under Article 22 (2) of the Act, and the imposition of the conditions of such registration under Article 22 (3) of the Act
7-2. Receipt and processing of a report on modification of the value-added telecommunications business, and registration of modification of the special value-added telecommunications business under Article 23 of the Act
7-3. Receipt and processing of a report on transfer or acquisition of the value-added telecommunications business, and a report on a merger or inheritance of a corporation prescribed in Article 24 of the Act
7-4. Receipt and processing of a report on the suspension or discontinuation of the value-added telecommunications business, and a report on the dissolution of a corporation prescribed in Article 26 of the Act
Issuance of an order to discontinue value-added telecommunications business, an order to cancel the registration of special value-added telecommunication business and to suspend business prescribed in Article 27 (1) of the Act
8-2. Matters concerning the issuance of an order to suspend provision of telecommunication services prescribed in Article 32-3 (1) of the Act
8-3. Field investigation on the actual status of the provision and use of equipment, etc. prescribed in Article 35 (5) of the Act
Issuance of an order to suspend the use of private telecommunications equipment prescribed in the former part of Article 65 (4) of the Act and notification of the fact, under the latter part of the same paragraph, to a Mayor/Do Governor that an order to suspend the use thereof has been issued
through 13. Deleted by Presidential Decree No. 27186, May 31, 2016
Permission for felling and transplantation of plants prescribed in the forepart of Article 75 (3) of the Act
Inspection on a person who has installed telecommunications equipment prescribed in Article 82 (1) of the Act and requesting him or her to make a report
Issuance of an order to remove telecommunications equipment or to take other necessary measures prescribed in Article 82 (2) of the Act
Receipt and processing of a report on an agreement on the adjustment of international telecommunications service charges concluded by a facilities-based telecommunications business operator prescribed in Article 86 (3) of the Act
Hearings for the cancellation of registration of the facilities-based telecommunications business and the discontinuance of value-added telecommunications business prescribed in subparagraphs 1 and 2 of Article 89 of the Act
Imposition and collection of a penalty surcharge prescribed in Article 90 (1) of the Act (excluding any penalty surcharge imposed in lieu of the suspension of part of business imposed under Article 52 (5) of the Act) and the extension of a deadline for payment and permission for payment in installments under Article 91 of the Act
19-2. Imposition and collection of a penalty surcharge prescribed in Article 90 (2) of the Act (limited to a penalty surcharge imposed in lieu of an order to suspend the use, issued pursuant to Article 65 (4) of the Act to a person who has installed any private telecommunication equipment)
Issuance of a corrective order prescribed in Article 92 (1) of the Act
Issuance of an order to suspend the act of providing telecommunications services and to take measures for removal of telecommunications equipment prescribed in Article 92 (3) of the Act
Imposition and collection of administrative fines prescribed in Article 104 of the Act.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23642, Feb. 28, 2012
Members of a household to which any of the following persons belongs from among the next needy class prescribed in subparagraph 10 of Article 2 of the National Basic Living Security Act. In such cases, the number of household members eligible for reduction or exemption per family shall be determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Science and ICT:
If a business person and a customer agree on a matter in a manner that is different from the manner stipulated in the terms and conditions, the agreement shall prevail over such terms and conditions.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10169, Mar. 22, 2010
A clause in terms and conditions concerning the liability of contracting parties that falls under any of the following subparagraphs shall be null and void:
A clause which exempts a business person from liability for intentional or gross negligence on the part of the business person, his or her agents, or his or her employees
A clause which limits, without a substantial reason, the extent of indemnification payable by a business person, or which passes a risk to be borne by a business person to a customer
A clause which, without a substantial reason, excludes or limits the warranty liability of a business person, or tightens requirements of customers to exercise the rights under the warranty thereof
A clause which excludes or limits the warranty for the subject-matter of a contract for which a business person has provided a sample, or has indicated the quality, performance, etc. without considerable reasons.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10169, Mar. 22, 2010
Any clause in terms and conditions which obligates customers to pay unreasonably heavy loss, including but not limited to, excessive liquidated loss for delay, shall be null and void.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10169, Mar. 22, 2010
A clause in terms and conditions concerning the cancellation or termination of a contract which falls under any of the following subparagraphs shall be null and void:
A clause which excludes the right of customers to cancel or terminate the contract under Acts, or limits the exercise of such right
A clause which grants a business person the right to cancel or terminate the contract which is not provided for by Acts, therefore might put customers at an unreasonable disadvantage
A clause which mitigates a business person's requirements to exercise the right to cancel or terminate the contract under Acts, therefore might put customers at an unreasonable disadvantage
A clause which, without a substantial reason, obligates customers to pay excessive restitution due to cancellation or termination of a contract, or which unreasonably provides for customers to waive their claim to restitution
A clause which unreasonably reduces the restitution obligation of a business person or his or her duty to pay indemnity in the event of cancelling or terminating a contract
A clause in a contract providing for a continuous creditor-debtor relationship which might put customers at an unreasonable disadvantage by providing for a duration that is unreasonably short or long or by allowing implied extensions or renewals of the contract.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10169, Mar. 22, 2010
A clause in terms and conditions concerning the rights and interests of customers which falls under any of the following subparagraphs shall be null and void:
A clause which, without a substantial reason, excludes or limits a customer's rights of defense, offset of damages, etc., which are provided for by Acts
A clause which, without a substantial reason, deprives customers of the right to perform their obligations during a given time
A clause which unreasonably limits a customer's right to enter into contracts with a third party
A clause which, without any justifiable reason, allows a business person to divulge confidential information of customers he or she has obtained in the course of his or her business.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10169, Mar. 22, 2010
A clause in terms and conditions concerning an expression of intent which falls under any of the following subparagraphs shall be null and void:
A clause which provides that once a certain act of feasance or omission has occurred, customers shall be deemed to have expressed or to not have expressed a certain intent: Provided, That this shall not apply where customers are separately notified that if they fail to express their intent within a given period, which is a considerable length of time, the customers shall be deemed to have expressed or not have expressed their intent, or where it is impossible to issue such notice due to unavoidable circumstances
A clause which imposes unreasonably strict restrictions on the requirements for or the way in which customers may express their intent
A clause which provides, without a substantial reason, that the intent of a business person, which may materially affect the interest of customers, is deemed to have been communicated to customers
A clause which provides for an unreasonably long or indefinite term during which a business person may express his or her intent which may materially affect the interests of customers.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10169, Mar. 22, 2010
If a contract is entered into by the agent of a customer and the customer fails to perform his or her obligations, any clause in terms and conditions of the contract which imposes on the agent an obligation to carry out the customer's obligations in whole or in part shall be null and void.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10169, Mar. 22, 2010
A clause in terms and conditions concerning filing, etc. of lawsuits which falls under any of the following subparagraphs shall be null and void:
A clause which prohibits customers from filing a lawsuit unreasonable disadvantageous to them or requires customers to agree to jurisdiction
A clause in terms and conditions which imposes the burden of proof on customers without any justifiable reason.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10169, Mar. 22, 2010
No business person shall include in a contract any of the unfair clauses referred to in Articles 6 through 14 (hereinafter referred to as "unfair terms and conditions").
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10169, Mar. 22, 2010
Any clause in terms and conditions which is not fair in contrary to the principle of trust and good faith shall be null and void.
Any of the following clauses in terms and conditions shall be presumed to be unfair:
A clause which is unreasonably unfavorable to customers
A clause which customers would have difficulty anticipating in light of various circumstances, including the type of transaction the contract represents
A clause which is so restrictive of essential rights under a contract that the purpose of the contract may not be achieved.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10169, Mar. 22, 2010
Where the whole or any part of terms or conditions fails to constitute the content of a contract under Article 3 (4) or is null and void under Articles 6 through 14, the contract shall remain effective with only the remaining portion of the terms and conditions: Provided, That where it is impossible to achieve the objective of the contract with only the effective parts or such effective parts are unreasonably unfavorable to one party, the relevant contract shall be null and void.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10169, Mar. 22, 2010
The term "terms and conditions" means the content of a contract that a party to a contract prepares in a specific form in advance in order to enter into a contract with multiple other parties, regardless of their name, type, or scope
The purpose of this Act is to establish sound order in business transactions, and thus to protect consumers and promote the balanced improvement of people's lives by preventing business persons from preparing unfair terms and conditions and using them in business transactions by taking unfair advantage of their bargaining position and regulating unfair terms and conditions.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10169, Mar. 22, 2010
No business entity, etc. shall place any of the following labeling or advertising that is likely to undermine fair trade order by deceiving or misleading consumers, or compel other business entities to do so:
False or exaggerated labeling or advertising
Deceptive labeling or advertising
Unfairly comparative labeling or advertising
Slanderous labeling or advertising.
Detailed concerning labeling or advertising referred to in each subparagraph of paragraph (1) shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11050, Sep. 15, 2011
Any person who falls under any of the following subparagraphs shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than two years or by a fine not exceeding 150 million won:
A business entity, etc. who places unfair labeling or advertising in violation of Article 3 (1), or who compels other business entities, etc. to do so
A person who fails to comply with orders issued under Article 6 (3) or Article 7 (1).
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11050, Sep. 15, 2011
A business entity, etc. who places unfair labeling or advertising in violation of Article 3 (1), or who compels other business entities, etc. to do so
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labour for not more than 5 years, or by a fine not exceeding 50 million won: Amended by Act No. 14107, Mar. 29, 2016 Act No. 16930, Feb. 4, 2020
A person who provides personal information to a third party without the consent of a data subject in violation of Article 17 (1) 1 even through Article 17 (1) 2 is not applicable, and a person who knowingly receives such personal information
A person who uses personal information or provides personal information to a third party in violation of Articles 18 (1) and (2) (including where the aforesaid provisions apply mutatis mutandis pursuant to Article 39-14), 19, 26 (5), 27 (3), or 28-2 and a person who knowingly receives such personal information for a profit-making or unfair purpose
A person who processes sensitive information in violation of Article 23 (1)
A person who processes personally identifiable information in violation of Article 24 (1)
4-2. A person who processes or provides a third party with pseudonymised information in violation of Article 28-3, and a person who knowingly receives such pseudonymised information for profit-making or unfair purposes
4-3. A person who processes pseudonymised information for the purpose of identifying a certain individual in violation of Article 28-5 (1)
4-4. An information and communications service provider who uses or provides a third party with personal information without taking necessary measures for correction or deletion requests (including necessary measures to be taken in accordance with a request for access, etc. provided for in Article 38 (2)) pursuant to Article 36 (2) (including a person to whom personal information has been transferred from information and communications service provider, etc. pursuant to Article 27 and applicable cases pursuant to Article 39-14)
4-5. A person who collects personal information without users consent in violation of Article 39-3 (1) (including where the aforesaid provisions apply mutatis mutandis pursuant to Article 39-14)
4-6. A person who collects the personal information of children aged under 14 without his or her legal representatives consent or without confirming whether the legal representative has given consent or not in violation of Article 39-3 (4) (including applicable cases pursuant to Article 39-14)
A person who divulges personal information acquired in the course of business or provides it for any other person's use without authority in violation of subparagraph 2 of Article 59, and a person who knowingly receives such personal information for a profit-making or unfair purposes
A person who damages, destroys, alters, forges, or divulges any third party's personal information in violation of subparagraph 3 of Article 59.
Every personal information controller shall take such technical, managerial, and physical measures as establishing an internal management plan and preserving access records, etc. that are necessary to ensure safety as prescribed by Presidential Decree so that the personal information may not be lost, stolen, divulged, forged, altered, or damaged.Amended by Act No. 13423, Jul. 24, 2015
Anyone who processes or has processed personal information shall be prohibited from undertaking any of the following activities:
To acquire personal information or to obtain consent to personal information processing by fraud, improper or unjust means
To divulge personal information acquired in the course of business, or to provide it for any third partys use without authority
To damage, destroy, alter, forge, or divulge others personal information without legal authority or beyond proper authority.
The terms used in this Act are defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 7455, Mar. 31, 2005 Act No. 13983, Feb. 3, 2016 Act No. 16718, Dec. 3, 2019
The term "public health business" means the business of rendering health control services to a large number of people, which includes the lodging business, public bath business, barbering business, beauty art business, laundry business, and the business of providing building sanitary control services
The term "lodging business" means the business of rendering such services as facilities and accommodations, so as to make customers able to sleep and stay: Provided, That the case as prescribed by Presidential Decree shall be excluded, such as private houses taking lodgings, which are located in agricultural and fishery villages
The term "public bath business" means the business of rendering the service falling under any of the following items to customers: Provided, That any bathroom, etc. attached to the lodging business place, which are prescribed by Presidential Decree, shall be excluded:
The term "barbering business" means the business of making the features of customers decent by means of cutting and trimming their hair, mustache, or beard
The term "beauty parlor business" means the following businesses of making the appearance of customers beautiful by taking good care of their face, hair, skin, fingernails, toenails, and the like
The term "laundry business" means the business of laundering the clothing and other textile products, leather products, etc.
The term "business of providing building sanitary control services" means the business of providing cleaning services, etc. to maintain cleanliness and to purify indoor air of buildings or facilities used by the public
Deleted. by Act No. 13596, Dec. 22, 2015
(a) The service of facilities, equipment, etc., which makes it possible for customers to take bath using water
(b) The service of facilities, equipment, etc., which makes it possible for customers to sweat using heat generated directly or indirectly by heated elvans, yellow soils, jades, etc. or using far-infrared rays, etc.
(a) Beauty parlor business (general): Business offering services including permanent curl, hair cut, the styling of hair, scalp care, hair coloring, hair washing, and eyebrow care without using medical appliances or medicines
(b) Beauty parlor business (skin): Business offering services including analysis on skin condition, skin care, hair waxing, eyebrow care without using medical appliances or medicines
(c) Beauty parlor business (fingernails and toenails): Business offering manicures and pedicures on fingernails and toenails
(d) Beauty parlor business (makeup and theatrical makeup): Business offering cosmetic makeup and theatrical makeup for a face and body and eyebrow care without using medical appliances or medicines
(e) Any other detailed business prescribed by Presidential Decree
(f) Comprehensive beauty parlor business: Business offering all of the services listed in items (a) through (e)
Businesses specified in subparagraphs 2 through 4, 6 and 7 of paragraph (1) may be subdivided as prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 7455, Mar. 31, 2005 Act No. 16718, Dec. 3, 2019
No public health business entity shall install any camera or other mechanism with functions similar thereto, which are used for activities in violation of Article 14 (1) of the Act on Special Cases concerning the Punishment, etc. of Sexual Crimes.
This Article Newly Inserted by Act No. 15873, Dec. 11, 2018
"Other terms and conditions of employment prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 17 (1) 5 of the Act means the following terms and conditions: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29010, Jun. 29, 2018
Matters relating to the place of work and the work to be engaged in
Matters prescribed in subparagraphs 1 through 12 of Article 93 of the Act
Matters provided by the dormitory rules, if employees are required to lodge at a dormitory connected to the workplace.
Paid holidays under Article 55 (1) of the Act shall be granted to a person who has shown perfect attendance of the contractual working days during one week. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29010, Jun. 29, 2018
Holidays prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the main sentence of Article 55 (2) of the Act means the holidays under any subparagraphs (excluding subparagraph 1) of Article 2 of the Regulations on Holidays of Government Offices and the alternative statutory holidays under Article 3 of the same Regulations. Newly Inserted by Presidential Decree No. 29010, Jun. 29, 2018
Enforcement Date The amended provisions of Article 30 (2): Following dates:
(a) Business or workplaces in which at least 300 employees are regularly employed public institutions under Article 4 of the Act on the Management of Public Institutions local government-invested public corporations or local public agencies under Article 49 or 76 of the Local Public Enterprises Act institutions or organizations at least 1/2 of the capital or endowment of which is invested or contributed by the State, local government or government-invested institutions institutions or organizations at least 1/2 of the capital or endowment of which is invested or contributed by the above-mentioned institutions or organizations and institutions affiliated to the State or local government: January 1, 2020
(b) Business or workplaces in which at least 50 and less than 300 employees are regularly employed: January 1, 2021
(c) Business or workplaces in which at least five and less than 50 employees are regularly employed: January 1, 2022.
The provisions of the Act applicable pursuant to Article 11 (2) of the Act to any business or workplace that regularly employs four or less employees shall be as specified in attached Table 1.
The Labor Relations Commission established under the Labor Relations Commission Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Labor Relations Commission") shall, whenever it issues an order for remedy to an employer pursuant to Article 30 (1) of the Act (hereinafter referred to as "order for remedy"), prescribe the time limit for performance. In this case, the time limit shall not exceed 30 days from the date on which the employer receives written notice of an order for remedy under Article 30 (2) of the Act. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29964, Jul. 9, 2019
"Interest rate prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 37 (1) of the Act means twenty percent per annum.
"Other reasons prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 37 (2) of the Act means any of the following causes and events: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25630, Sep. 24, 2014
A case falling under any of the subparagraphs of Article 7 (1) of the Wage Claim Guarantee Act
Where it is impracticable to secure the funds for payment of wages and retirement benefits due to statutory restraints under the Debtor Rehabilitation and Bankruptcy Act, the National Finance Act, the Local Autonomy Act, etc.
Where it is deemed appropriate to bring a case to a court or the Labor Relations Commission for a trial on the existence of all or part of any wage or retirement benefit for which the payment has been delayed
Where there exists any other cause or event similar to those under subparagraphs 1 through 3.
The detailed types and scope of business under Article 36 (2) of the Act shall be as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22075, Mar. 15, 2010 Presidential Decree No. 22794, Mar. 30, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 24454, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 25052, Dec. 30, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 26936, Jan. 22, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 28472, Dec. 12, 2017
Food manufacturing or processing business: Business of manufacturing or processing foods
Instantly-available food manufacturing or processing business: Business of directly selling foods prescribed by Ordinance of the Prime Minister to end consumers in the places of business manufacturing or processing foods
Food additives manufacturing business:
(a) Business of manufacturing or processing chemical synthetics, such as sweeteners, coloring agents or bleaches
(b) Business of manufacturing or processing substances obtained by means of extracting useful ingredients from natural substances, etc.
(c) Business of manufacturing or processing the mixed materials of food additives
(d) Business of manufacturing or processing substances which may be indirectly transferred to foods when used for disinfecting or sterilizing apparatus, containers or packages
Food transportation business: Business of transporting foods vulnerable to decomposition or degeneration, such as portable lactobacillus drinks (including pasteurized lactobacillus drinks), fish, shellfish, and the processed products thereof, in a professional manner: Provided, That the same shall not apply to cases where foods are transported for the purpose of selling them in the business places of the relevant business operators, or foods manufactured or processed are transported by the relevant business operators
Food subdivision or sales business:
(a) Food subdivision business: Business of dividing the complete products of foods or food additives, prescribed by Ordinance of the Prime Minister, and then repackaging and selling such products for distribution
(b) Food sales business:
(i) Edible ice sales business: Business specialized in selling edible ice
(ii) Food vending machine business: Business of selling foods by putting them in vending machines: Provided , That cases where only complete products, the distribution period of which is not less than one month, are put into vending machines and sold, shall be excluded herefrom
(iii) Distribution-specialized sales business: Business that entrusts manufacturing and processing of food or food additives to those engaged in food manufacturing or processing business under subparagraph 1 or food additives manufacturing business under subparagraph 3, and sells such food or food additives under its own trademark
(iv) Food sales business for facilities providing meals: Business of selling foods to facilities providing meals
(v) Deleted by Presidential Decree No. 26936, Jan. 22, 2016
(vi) Other food sales business: Business of selling foods in department stores, supermarkets or chain stores, the size of which is not les than the size prescribed by Ordinance of the Prime Minister, other than business falling under subitems (i) through (iv)
Food preservation business:
(a) Food irradiation and treatment business: Business of physically enhancing the preservation of foods through irradiation
(b) Food freezing and refrigeration business: Business of preserving foods by freezing or cooling them: Provided, That the freezing and refrigeration of marine products shall be excluded herefrom
Business of manufacturing containers and packaging:
(a) Business of manufacturing containers and wrapping papers: Business of manufacturing containers (excluding potteries) or wrapping papers that come into direct contact with foods or food additives, which are used for putting in or wrapping up foods or food additives
(b) Business of manufacturing potteries: Business of manufacturing jars, pots, earthen bowels, etc. used for manufacturing, cooking or storing foods
Food service business:
(a) Rest restaurant business: Business of cooking and selling mainly tea, ice cream, etc., or cooking and selling foods in fast food stores or snack bars, where drinking is not allowed: Provided, That the same shall not apply where water is poured into instant cup noodle, instant tea or other foods in the places which sell foods such as convenience stores, supermarkets and rest areas (including places which sell foods incidentally, such as comic book stores and the places of business which conduct the business of providing Internet computer game facilities under subparagraph 7 of Article 2 of the Game Industry Promotion Act)
(b) General restaurant business: Business of cooking and selling foods, where drinking accompanied with meals is allowed
(c) Karaoke bar business: Business of cooking and selling mainly alcoholic beverages, where customers are allowed to sing
(d) Entertainment bar business: Business of cooking and selling mainly alcoholic beverages, where workers engaged in entertainment may be employed or entertainment facilities may be established, and customers may sing or dance
(e) Catering service business: Business of cooking and providing foods in facilities providing meals, in accordance with a contract concluded with persons who establish and operate facilities providing meals
(f) Bakery business: Business of manufacturing and selling mainly bread, rice cake, snacks, etc., where drinking is not allowed.
"Business operators prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 41 (1) of the Act means business operators falling under any of the following subparagraphs:
Any business operator who manufactures or processes foods under subparagraph 1 of Article 21
Any business operator who manufactures or processes instantly-available foods under subparagraph 2 of Article 21
Any business operator who manufactures food additives under subparagraph 3 of Article 21
Any business operator who transports foods under subparagraph 4 of Article 21
Any business operator who subdivides or sells foods under subparagraph 5 of Article 21 (excluding any business operator who sells edible ice or any business operator engaged in food vending machine business)
Any business operator who preserves foods under subparagraph 6 of Article 21
Any business operator who manufactures containers or packaging under subparagraph 7 of Article 21
Any business operator who provides food services under subparagraph 8 of Article 21.
Business subject to permission under the former part of Article 37 (1) of the Act and offices granting the relevant permission shall be as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24454, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 27398, Jul. 26, 2016
Food irradiation and treatment business under subparagraph 6 (a) of Article 21: The Minister of Food and Drug Safety
Karaoke bar business under subparagraph 8 (c) of Article 21 and entertainment bar business under subparagraph 8 (d) of Article 21: The Special Self-Governing City Mayor, the Special Self-Governing Province Governor or the head of a Si/Gun/Gu.
Where an administrative disposition against business operators who have conscientiously implemented measures necessary for recalling harmful foods, etc. under Article 45 (1) of the Act is reduced or exempted under Article 45 (2) of the Act, standards for such reduction or exemption shall be as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23380, Dec. 19, 2011
Where business operators recall not less than 4/5 of planned amounts of food recalls (hereinafter referred to as "planned amounts of recalled foods" in this Article), in accordance with a recall plan under the latter part of Article 45 (1) of the Act: The administrative disposition against the relevant violations is exempted
Where business operators recall some of planned amounts of food recalls: The administrative disposition is reduced in accordance with standards falling under any of the following items:
(a) Where business operators recall not less than 1/3 of planned amounts of food recalls (excluding cases under subparagraph 1):
(i) Where a standard for administrative disposition (hereinafter referred to as "standard for administrative disposition" in this Article) under Article 75 (4) or 76 (2) of the Act is the cancellation of business license, the cancellation of business registration or the closure of business offices, measures of business suspension of not less than two months, but not more than six months shall be taken
(ii) Where a standard for administrative disposition is business suspension or the suspension of manufacturing items or kinds of items, the administrative disposition shall be reduced within the scope of not more than 2/3 of the suspension period
(b) Where business operators recall not less than 1/4, but under 1/3 of planned amounts of food recalls:
(i) Where a standard for administrative disposition is the cancellation of business license, the cancellation of business registration or the closure of business offices, measures of business suspension of not less than three months, but not more than six months shall be taken
(ii) Where a standard for administrative disposition is business suspension or the suspension of manufacturing items or kinds of items, the administrative disposition shall be reduced within the scope of not more than 1/2 of the suspension period.
"Heads of affiliated organizations prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 22 (1) of the Act, with the exception of its subparagraphs, means the heads of regional food and drug administrations.
Revised matters subject to reporting under the latter part of Article 37 (4) of the Act shall be as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22794 Mar. 30, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 27398, Jul. 26, 2016
Names of business operators (in cases of corporations, referring to the names of representatives thereof)
Titles or trade names of business offices
Locations of business offices
Sizes of business offices
Deleted by Presidential Decree No. 23380, Dec. 19, 2011
Where a manufacturer or processor of instantly-available foods under subparagraph 2 of Article 21 intends to manufacture or process new foods, among instantly-available foods under the same subparagraph (applicable only when the previous foods or new foods are subject to the self-quality inspection under Article 31 of the Act):
Deleted by Presidential Decree No. 23380, Dec. 19, 2011
Where a transporter of foods under subparagraph 4 of Article 21 intends to increase or decrease freezing or refrigeration vehicles
Where a person that engage in food vending machine business under subparagraph 5 (b) (ii) of Article 21 intends to increase or decrease the number of food vending machines installed in the same Special Self-Governing City or Si (including an administrative Si under the Special Act on the Establishment of Jeju Special Self-Governing Province and the Development of Free International City)/Gun/Gu (referring to an autonomous Gu hereinafter the same shall apply).
No zones, districts, etc. may be established (including the subdivision or alteration of any zones, districts, etc. hereinafter the same shall apply), except those provided for in the following: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Zones, districts, etc. described in the attached Table
Zones, districts, etc. prescribed by Presidential Decree of this Act from among those provided for in Presidential Decrees of other statutes upon delegation by such other statutes
Zones, districts, etc. published in the Official Gazette by the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport from among those which are prescribed by Ordinances of the Prime Minister, Ordinances of Ministries, and municipal ordinances and rules upon delegation by other statutes or regulations.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9451, Feb. 6, 2009
A lease shall become effective against third parties on the day following the date on which a tenant files an application for the transfer of the relevant building and business registration under Article 8 of the Value-Added Tax Act, Article 168 of the Income Tax Act or Article 111 of the Corporate Tax Act even when no registration of the lease exists. Amended by Act No. 11873, Jun. 7, 2013
The transferee of a leased building (including the person who has succeeded to the right to lease) shall be deemed to have succeeded to the position of landlord.
Where a building which is a leasehold property under this Act is subject to sale and purchase or auction, Article 575 (1) and (3), and Article 578 of the Civil Act shall apply mutatis mutandis.
Article 536 of the Civil Act shall apply mutatis mutandis to the cases of paragraph (3).
This Act Wholly Amended by Act No. 9361, Jan. 30, 2009
A tenant may notify a landlord of the cancellation of contract at any time in cases of paragraph (4), and it shall become effective three months after the date such landlord is notified of such fact.
Tenant's right to request renewal of the contract may be exercised within the extent that the whole period of lease including the period of initial lease does not exceed 10 years. Amended by Act No. 15791, Oct. 16, 2018
The Minister of Justice may prepare a written standard contract on a commercial building lease in which deposits, rents, period of a lease and sharing repair costs, etc. are written and encourage the use thereof.
This Article Newly Inserted by Act No. 13284, May 13, 2015
Any person who intends to obtain authorization to establish a trade association under Article 59 (3) of the Act shall submit a written application for authorization of establishment, accompanied by the following documents, to the Minister of Food and Drug Safety: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22075, Mar. 15, 2010 Presidential Decree No. 24454, Mar. 23, 2013
Meeting minutes of the inaugural meeting
Articles of association
Business plans and budget bill on revenues and expenditures
List of properties
List of executives
Written consent of inauguration by executives
Resumes of executives
Copies of identification certificates, such as copies of the resident registration certificates of executives.
Any trade association may appoint persons satisfying standards for qualifications determined by the articles of association as voluntary advisors under Article 63 (1) of the Act.
Voluntary advisors under paragraph (1) shall be appointed by the head of the relevant trade association under the articles of association.
Voluntary advisors under paragraph (1) shall perform duties falling under the following subparagraphs for members of the trade association:
Guidance on standards for facilities under Article 36 of the Act
Sanitation education and health examination of business operators and their employees or other guidance on sanitation management
Guidance on the implementation of matters to be observed by business operators under Article 44 of the Act and guidance on the implementation of requirements under conditional permission under Article 37 (2) of the Act
Other matters concerning guidance on food sanitation, determined by the articles of association.
Food service business operators required to employ cooks under the main sentence of Article 51 (1) of the Act shall be those who are engaged in the business of cooking and selling swellfish among food service business under subparagraph 8 of Article 21 of this Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25052, Dec. 30, 2013
Subject matter of the harm assessment (hereinafter referred to as "harm assessment") of foods, food additives, apparatus, containers or packages (hereinafter referred to as "foods, etc.") under Article 15 (1) of the Act shall be as follows:
Foods, etc., that are deemed to be likely to cause harm to human health by international organizations, including Codex Alimentarius Commission or foreign governments, the sale or the collecting, manufacturing, importing, processing, using, cooking, storing, subdividing, (referring to dividing complete products and then repackaging such products for distribution hereinafter the same shall apply), transporting or displaying of which for sale is prohibited or restricted
Foods, etc., in which raws materials or ingredients likely to cause harm to human health are detected by research or inspection institutes in Korea and abroad
Foods, etc., the harm assessment of which is requested by consumer organizations registered under Article 29 of the Framework Act on Consumers or institutes related to foods, and which are deemed to be likely to harm human health by the Food Sanitation Deliberation Committee (hereinafter referred to as the "Deliberation Committee") under Article 57 of the Act
Foods, etc., that are produced, manufactured or mixed by using new raw materials, ingredients or technology, or, foods, for which standards or criteria concerning safety are not determined, raising concerns about harm caused to human health.
Harmful elements that shall be considered in harm assessment shall be as follows:
Chemical elements, including pesticide residues, heavy metals, food additives, residual medicines for animals, pollutants or other materials generated in the processes of manufacturing, processing or cooking
Physical elements, including the types of foods, etc. or foreign substances
Microbial elements, such as germs causing food poisoning.
Harm assessment shall be conducted in accordance with the following procedures: Provided, That where the Minister of Food and Drug Safety has otherwise determined methods, in consideration of the current technology level or the characteristics of harmful elements, harm assessment may be conducted in accordance with such methods: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24454, Mar. 23, 2013
Process of checking dangers, which finds toxicity of harmful elements in a human body
Process of determining dangers, which calculates the allowable amounts of harmful elements to which the human body is exposed
Process of evaluating exposure, which calculates the amounts of harmful elements to which the human body is exposed
Process of determining the degree of harm, which determines the effects of the relevant foods on health by putting together the outcomes of processes of checking dangers, determining dangers and evaluating exposure.
The Deliberation Committee shall deliberate and resolve on outcomes by process under each subparagraph of paragraph (3): Provided, That when international organizations, such as the Codex Alimentarius Commission, or research or inspection institutes in Korea and abroad have already conducted harm assessment or scientific tests or analysis data exist on harmful elements, it shall be deemed that deliberation and resolution have already been made.
Deleted. by Presidential Decree No. 23380, Dec. 19, 2011
Detailed matters concerning the methods, standards and procedures of harm assessment under paragraphs (1) through (4) shall be determined and publicly announced by the Minister of Food and Drug Safety. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23380, Dec. 19, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 24454, Mar. 23, 2013
The terms used in this Act are as follows: Amended by Act No. 10369, Jun. 10, 2010
The term "music" refers to a form of expression in which thoughts and emotions are expressed through sound, by arranging rhythm, melody, harmony, tone, and other elements in accordance with certain rules and formats
The term "music industry" refers to the industry for creation, public performance, and education of music production, distribution, exportation, and importation of music records, music files, music video products, and music video files production of music instruments and sound equipment karaoke businesses and other industries related to the afore-stated industry
The term "sound signals" refers to certain sound or expression of sound that can be set in a tangible material or contained in electronic format
The term "music record" refers to sound signals produced by being set in a tangible material that can be replayed for listening
The term "music file" refers to sound signals produced in an electronic format or recorded in an electronic device so that they can be readily reproduced, transferred, transmitted, or received
The term "music video product" refers to sound signals produced in combination with images to express the meaning of the sound signals, and includes image products related to performances of music
The term "music video file" refers to a music video product produced in an electronic format or recorded in an electronic device that can be readily reproduced, transferred, transmitted, or received
The term "music record and music-video production business" refers to a business that engages in planning and producing or reproducing music records, music files, music video products, or music video files (hereinafter referred to as "music records, etc.")
The term "music record and music-video distribution business" refers to a business that supplies music record and music-video retailers or online music service providers with music records, etc. by importing music records, etc. (including importing original records) or owning or managing copyright of music records, etc.
The term "music record and music-video retail business" refers to a business that sells music records or music video products directly to consumers
The term "online music service business" refers to a business that provides music files or music video files to consumers for use by an information and communications network referred to in Article 2 (1) 1 of the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, etc.
The term "identification mark" refers to an identification number, code, or any similar mark given by the Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism to each music record, etc., pursuant to Article 23 of the Content Industry Promotion Act, that can be readily utilized in statistics of distribution, search, and inspection
The term "karaoke business" refers to a business that provides the general public with the use of accompaniment machines, with or without images, and other facilities, along with which people can sing songs in the accompaniment of pre-recorded music without performers of any instrument
The term "juvenile" refers to a person of less than 18 years of age (including students enrolled in a high school under Article 2 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act).
A special tourist zone shall be designated by the Mayor/Do Governor at the requests of the head of a Si/Gun/Gu (excluding cases of a Special Self-Governing City Mayor and a Special Self-Governing Province Governor), from among areas satisfying each of the following requirements. In such cases, where an area to be designated as a special tourist zone spans at least two Sis/Guns/Gus in the same City/Do, the heads of the relevant Sis/Guns/Gus shall jointly designate the zone where an area to be designated as a special tourist zone spans at least two Cities/Dos, the heads of the relevant Sis/Guns/Gus shall jointly apply for designation, and the heads of the relevant Cities/Dos shall jointly make the designation: Amended by Act No. 8531, Jul. 19, 2007 Act No. 8852, Feb. 29, 2008 Act No. 9097, Jun. 5, 2008 Act No. 15636, Jun. 12, 2018 Act No. 16051, Dec. 24, 2018 Act No. 16684, Dec. 3, 2019
The number of foreign tourists shall reach or exceed the quota prescribed by Presidential Decree
There shall be facilities for tourist information, public convenience, accommodation, etc. to meet the demands of foreign tourists, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism
The ratio of land that has no direct connection with tourist activities shall not exceed the guidelines prescribed by Presidential Decree
No area that satisfies all the requirements prescribed in subparagraphs 1 through 3 shall be separated into several parts.
Article 52 (2), (3), and (5) shall apply mutatis mutandis to designation, cancellation, change of area, and public notice of special tourist zones. Amended by Act No. 15636, Jun. 12, 2018
Where any ground prescribed by the Rules of the Supreme Court arises, such as where ten years have passed since the date on which dissolution of a company or limited partnership was registered or a company or limited partnership was deemed dissolved, a registered record may be closed.
A trademark right holder shall hold the exclusive right to use the registered trademark in relation to designated goods: Provided, That the foregoing shall not apply to the extent that a person has the exclusive right to use the registered trademark pursuant to Article 95 (3) when the exclusive right to use has been established on the trademark rights.
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than five years or by a fine not exceeding 50 million won, or may be punished by both the aforesaid imprisonment and the aforesaid fine:
A person who fails to register his or her business, in violation of Article 15 (1)
A person who fails to file an import declaration, in violation of Article 20 (1)
A person who commits an offense falling under any of the subparagraphs of Article 20 (2).
The Minister of Food and Drug Safety shall determine and publicly notify standards and specifications for the manufacture, use, preservation, etc. of health functional foods for sale. In such case, he or she shall separately determine standards and specifications for the use, etc. of food additives for health functional foods manufactured to be taken by children (referring to children defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Special Act on Safety Management of Children's Dietary Lifestyle). Amended by Act No. 15938, Dec. 11, 2018
The Minister of Food and Drug Safety may require the business entities referred to in Article 5 (1), importers or sellers of imported foods, etc. registered pursuant to Article 15 (1) of the Special Act on Imported Food Safety Control, or persons prescribed by Ordinance of the Prime Minister to submit the following data on the standards and specifications for health functional foods, the standards and specifications for which have not been publicly notified under paragraph (1), and examine and recognize such data as the standards and specifications for the health functional foods. In such case, testing may be entrusted to a testing or inspection agency referred to in subparagraph 2, if necessary: Amended by Act No. 13201, Feb. 3, 2015 Act No. 13330, May 18, 2015
Data on the standards, specifications, safety, functions, etc. of the relevant health functional foods
A test report or inspection report received from a testing or inspection agency specializing in food referred to in Article 6 (3) 1 of the Act on Testing and Inspection in the Food and Drug Industry or from an overseas testing or inspection agency referred to in Article 8 of the same Act.
Where a business entity referred to in Article 5 (1), an importer or seller of imported foods, etc. registered pursuant to Article 15 (1) of the Special Act on Imported Food Safety Control, or a person prescribed by Ordinance of the Prime Minister has obtained recognition for the standards and specifications referred to in paragraph (2) by fraud or other improper means, the Minister of Food and Drug Safety shall revoke such recognition. Newly Inserted by Act No. 13330, May 18, 2015
The standards and specifications for health functional foods for exportation may follow standards and specifications demanded by importers, notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2).
Standards, methods, and procedures for recognition under paragraph (2), and other necessary matters shall be prescribed by the Minister of Food and Drug Safety.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 12669, May 21, 2014
The State and local governments shall formulate rational policies, and instruct or manage persons who manufacture, process, import, and sell functional health foods (hereinafter referred to as "business entities"), to ensure that all nationals are able to obtain high-quality health functional foods and accurate information thereon.
Business entities shall provide high-quality health functional foods in a safe and sound manner, as prescribed by relevant statutes.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 12669, May 21, 2014
A person engaged in any occupation prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare that requires a medical examination to prevent sexually transmitted infectious diseases, and a person infected by a sexually transmitted infectious disease and deemed by the head of a Si/Gun/Gu as highly likely to transmit the infection thereof, shall undergo a medical examination for sexually transmitted infectious diseases, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Amended by Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010
A person who refuses, obstructs, or evades an inspection for safety control prescribed in Article 23 (8)
The terms used in this Act are defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010 Act No. 11645, Mar. 22, 2013 Act No. 12444, Mar. 18, 2014 Act No. 13392, Jul. 6, 2015 Act No. 14316, Dec. 2, 2016 Act No. 15534, Mar. 27, 2018 Act No. 16725, Dec. 3, 2019 Act No. 17067, Mar. 4, 2020
The term "infectious disease" means any infectious disease classified in Class 1 infectious diseases, Class 2 infectious diseases, Class 3 infectious diseases, Class 4 infectious diseases, parasitic diseases, infectious diseases under surveillance by the World Health Organization, infectious diseases spread through bioterrorism, sexually transmitted infectious diseases, zoonoses, and nosocomial infectious diseases
The term Class 1 infectious disease means any of the following infectious diseases spread through bioterrorism or infectious diseases with a high mortality rate or a high risk of mass outbreak, requiring immediate reporting on the outbreak or epidemic thereof as well as high-level isolation, such as negative pressure isolation: Provided, That Class 1 infectious diseases shall include infectious diseases designated by the Minister of Health and Welfare as they are predicted to be suddenly transmitted into or epidemic in the Republic of Korea and require urgent prevention and control:
(a) Ebola virus disease
(b) Marburg hemorrhagic fever
(c) Lassa fever
(d) Crimean-Congo hemorrhagic fever
(e) South American hemorrhagic fever
(f) Rift Valley fever
(g) Smallpox
(h) Pest
(i) Anthrax
(j) Botulism
(k) Tularemia
(l) Emerging infectious disease syndrome
(m) Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS)
(n) Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS)
(o) Animal influenza infection in humans
(p) Novel influenza
(q) Diphtheria
The term Class 2 infectious disease means any of the following infectious diseases that shall be reported within 24 hours of outbreak or epidemic in consideration of the possibility of transmission and require isolation: Provided, That Class 2 infectious diseases shall include infectious diseases designated by the Minister of Health and Welfare as they are predicted to be suddenly transmitted into or epidemic in the Republic of Korea and require urgent prevention and control:
(a) Tuberculosis
(b) Varicella
(c) Measles
(d) Cholera
(e) Typhoid
(f) Paratyphoid
(g) Shigellosis
(h) Colon bacillus infection with enterorrhagia
(i) Hepatitis A
(j) Pertussis
(k) Mumps
(l) Rubella
(m) Poliomyelitis
(n) Meningococcal meningitis
(o) Haemophilus influenzae type B
(p) Streptococcus pneumoniae infection
(q) Hansens disease (Leprosy)
(r) Scarlet fever
(s) Vancomycin Resistant Staphylococcus Aureus (VRSA)
(t) Carbapenem-resistant Enterobacteriaceae (CRE)
(u) Hepatitis E
The term Class 3 infectious disease means any of the following infectious diseases that shall be reported within 24 hours of outbreak or epidemic as the outbreak thereof requires continuous surveillance: Provided, That Class 3 infectious diseases shall include infectious diseases designated by the Minister of Health and Welfare as they are predicted to be suddenly transmitted into or epidemic in the Republic of Korea and require urgent prevention and control:
(a) Tetanus
(b) Hepatitis B
(c) Japanese encephalitis
(d) Hepatitis C
(e) Malaria
(f) Legionellosis
(g) Vibrio vulnificus sepsis
(h) Epidemic typhus
(i) Murine typhus
(j) Scrub typhus
(k) Leptospirosis
(l) Brucellosis
(m) Rabies
(n) Hemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome
(o) Acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS)
(p) Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD) and variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (vCJD)
(q) Yellow fever
(r) Dengue fever
(s) Q fever
(t) West Nile fever
(u) Lyme disease (Lyme borreliosis)
(v) Tick-borne encephalitis
(w) Melioidosis
(x) Chikungunya fever
(y) Severe fever with thrombocytopenia syndrome (SFTS)
(z) Zika virus infection
The term Class 4 infectious disease means any of the following infectious diseases that require sentinel surveillance to investigate whether they are epidemic, other than Classes 1 through 3 infectious diseases:
(a) Influenza
(b) Syphilis
(c) Ascariasis
(d) Trichuriasis
(e) Enterobiasis
(f) Clonorchiasis
(g) Paragonimiasis
(h) Fasciolopsis buski
(i) Hand, foot and mouth disease
(j) Gonorrhea
(k) Chlamydia infection
(l) Chancroid
(m) Genital herpes
(n) Condyloma acuminata
(o) Vancomycin-resistant Enterococci (VRE) infection
(p) Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infection
(q) Multidrug-resistant Pseudomonas aeruginosa (MRPA) infection
(r) Multidrug-resistant Acinetobacter baumannii (MRAB) infection
(s) Norovirus infection
(t) Acute respiratory infection
(u) Imported parasite disease
(v) Enterovirus infection
(w) Human papilloma virus infection
The term parasitic disease means any infectious disease publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare, among those spread by parasite infection
Deleted by Act No. 15534, Mar. 27, 2018
The term "infectious disease under surveillance by the World Health Organization" means any infectious disease designated to be subject to surveillance by the World Health Organization to prepare for international public health emergencies, as publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare
The term "infectious disease spread through bioterrorism" means any infectious disease publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare, among those spread by pathogens either deliberately used or for terrorism, etc.
The term "sexually transmitted infectious disease" means any infectious disease publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare, among those transmitted by sexual contact
The term "zoonosis" means any infectious disease publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare, among those spread by pathogens transmittable from animals to humans and vice-versa
The term "nosocomial infectious disease" means any infectious disease that occurs to patients, expecting mothers, etc. in the course of undergoing medical activities, which is publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare as it requires surveillance
The term "patient of an infectious disease" means a person whose body has been affected by the pathogen of an infectious disease to indicate relevant symptoms and whose case has been confirmed through a diagnosis by a physician, dentist, or oriental medical doctor according to the diagnosis standards referred to in Article 11 (6), or through a laboratory test by an institution for confirming pathogens of infectious diseases referred to in Article 16-2
The term "probable patient of an infectious disease" means a person suspected of being affected by the pathogen of an infectious disease who has yet to be confirmed as a patient of an infectious disease
The term "pathogen carrier" means a person who has no clinical symptoms but carries the pathogen of an infectious disease
15-2. The term "person suspected of contracting an infectious disease means any of the following persons:
(a) A person (hereinafter referred to as contact) who comes into contact with or is suspected of coming into contact with a patient or probable patient of an infectious disease or pathogen carrier (hereinafter referred to as patient of an infectious disease, etc.)
(b) A person who has stayed in, or passed through, a quarantine inspection required area or strict quarantine inspection required area defined in subparagraph 7 or 8 of Article 2 of the Quarantine Act, and may have contracted an infectious disease
(c) A person who has been exposed to risk factors, such as infectious pathogens, and may have contracted an infectious disease
The term "surveillance" means the complete processes of systematically and continuously collecting, analyzing, and interpreting data on the outbreak of infectious diseases, and the pathogens and vectors thereof, of timely distributing the findings thereof to those who need such findings, and of using such findings for the prevention and control of infectious diseases
16-2. The term sentinel surveillance means conducting regular and continuous medical monitoring by designating a surveillance agency for the outbreak of infectious diseases of relatively low disease severity, for which conducting a total inspection is difficult due to high incidence rates
The term "epidemiological investigation" means the activities of investigating the number of cases involving patients of an infectious disease, etc. and of tracing the sources of their infection, etc., if such cases occur, in order to contain such infectious diseases and to prevent their spread, and the activities of examining the causes of adverse reactions, if such cases occur after vaccinations have been taken against infectious diseases or if it is unclear whether a disease is infectious but it is necessary to investigate the cause thereof
The term "adverse reaction to a vaccination" means any symptom or disease that may be caused by a vaccination, which is related to such vaccination in terms of time
The term "high-risk pathogen" means the pathogen of an infectious disease determined by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare, which could cause a serious threat to citizens' health if used for biological terrorism or leaked to the outside due to accidents, etc.
The term "overseas emerging infectious disease subject to control" means any infectious disease designated by the Minister of Health and Welfare, which is caused by a variant or coproma of an existing pathogen, or a new pathogen, unknown to science, giving rise to a new health problem internationally, and which requires countermeasures against transmission into the Republic of Korea.
A person who violates Article 60 (4) (except for public officials)
Where any of the following cases (excluding cases caused by a Class 4 infectious disease subject to sentinel surveillance under Article 16 (6)) occurs, a physician, dentist, or oriental medical doctor shall report such fact to the head of the medical institution to which he or she belongs, and shall instruct the relevant patient and his or her cohabitants how to prevent infection determined by the Minister of Health and Welfare: Provided, That a physician, dentist, or oriental medical doctor who does not belong to a medical institution shall report such fact to the director of the competent public health center: Amended by Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010 Act No. 13639, Dec. 29, 2015 Act No. 15534, Mar. 27, 2018 Act No. 17067, Mar. 4, 2020
Where he or she diagnoses a patient of an infectious disease, etc. or examines the corpse of such patient, etc.
Where he or she diagnoses a person indicating an adverse reaction to a vaccination, or examines the corpse of such person
Where a patient of an infectious disease, etc. dies of any infectious disease falling under Classes 1 through 3 infectious diseases
Where a person suspected as a patient of an infectious disease refuses infectious pathogen testing.
Where a staff member of an institution for confirming pathogens of infectious diseases referred to in Article 16-2 discovers a patient of an infectious disease, etc. prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare through a laboratory test, etc., he or she shall report such fact to the head of the relevant institution. Amended by Act No. 13392, Jul. 6, 2015 Act No. 15534, Mar. 27, 2018 Act No. 17067, Mar. 4, 2020
Upon receipt of a report under paragraph (1) or (2), the head of a medical institution and the head of an institution for confirming pathogens of infectious diseases referred to in Article 16-2 shall report thereon to the Minister of Health and Welfare or the director of the competent public health center, immediately in cases of Class 1 infectious diseases, within 24 hours in cases of Classes 2 and 3 infectious diseases, and within seven days in cases of Class 4 infectious diseases, respectively. Newly Inserted by Act No. 13392, Jul. 6, 2015 Act No. 15534, Mar. 27, 2018 Act No. 17067, Mar. 4, 2020
Where any case falling under any subparagraph of paragraph (1) (excluding any case caused by a Class 4 infectious disease subject to sentinel surveillance under Article 16 (6)) occurs, a military doctor serving in the Army, Navy, Air Force, or a unit under the direct control of the Ministry of Defense, shall report such fact to the commander of the unit to which he or she belongs, and the commander of the unit in receipt of such report shall report thereon to the director of the competent public health center, immediately in cases of Class 1 infectious diseases, and within 24 hours in cases of Classes 2 and 3 infectious diseases. Amended by Act No. 13639, Dec. 29, 2015 Act No. 15534, Mar. 27, 2018
Where any case falling under paragraph (1) 1 or 3 occurs due to a Class 4 infectious disease subject to sentinel surveillance under Article 16 (6), an institution of sentinel surveillance of infectious diseases referred to in Article 16 (1) shall report thereon to the Minister of Health and Welfare or the director of the competent public health center, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Amended by Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010 Act No. 13639, Dec. 29, 2015 Act No. 15534, Mar. 27, 2018
Matters necessary for standards for diagnosing patients of infectious diseases, etc. methods and procedures for reporting, etc. under paragraphs (1) through (5) shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Amended by Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010 Act No. 13392, Jul. 6, 2015
Any of the following persons shall be punished by a fine not exceeding three million won: Amended by Act No. 15534, Mar. 27, 2018 Act No. 17067, Mar. 4, 2020
A physician, a dentist, an oriental medical doctor, a military doctor, the head of a medical institution, the head of an institution for confirming pathogens of infectious diseases, or an institution of sentinel surveillance of infectious diseases that fails to file a report required under Article 11 or files a false report, regarding Classes 3 and 4 infectious diseases
A person who obstructs filing a report by a physician, a dentist, an oriental medical doctor, a military doctor, the head of a medical institution, the head of an institution for confirming pathogens of infectious diseases, or an institution of sentinel surveillance of infectious diseases under Article 11, regarding Classes 3 and 4 infectious diseases
2-2. A person who refuses infectious pathogen testing referred to in Article 13 (2)
A person who fails to establish infectious disease control facilities, in violation of Article 37 (4)
Deleted by Act No. 17067, Mar. 4, 2020
A person who fails to comply with a compulsory disposition referred to in Article 42 (excluding persons who refuse hospitalization, quarantine, or isolation prescribed in Article 42 (1), (2) 1, (3), or (7))
A person who engages in an occupation involving frequent contact with the general public or who employs patients of an infectious disease, etc. for such occupation, in violation of Article 45
A person who violates any measure taken under Article 47 (excluding subparagraph 3 of the same Article) or 49 (1) (excluding matters concerning medical examinations referred to in subparagraph 3 of the same paragraph, and subparagraph 14 of the same paragraph)
A person who renders disinfection services without reporting under Article 52 (1) or after reporting by fraud or other improper means
A person who fails to conduct disinfection in compliance with standards and methods stipulated under Article 54 (1).
Where the director of a public health center receives a report under Articles 11 and 12 on any patient of an infectious disease, etc. who lives in his or her jurisdiction, he or she shall record such patient, etc. in a register and maintain the register (including electronic documents), as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Amended by Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010
In order to prevent the further spread of an infectious disease upon the epidemic of the infectious disease, the Minister of Health and Welfare, Mayors/Do Governors, or heads of Sis/Guns/Gus shall take all or some of the following measures: Amended by Act No. 13392, Jul. 6, 2015 Act No. 17067, Mar. 4, 2020
The following measures for places where patients of an infectious disease, etc. are present or places deemed contaminated with the pathogen of an infectious disease:
(a) Temporary closure
(b) Prohibition of entry of the general public
(c) Restriction on movement into the relevant places
(d) Other measures for passage blocking
Suspending the business of a medical institution
Hospitalizing or quarantining persons suspected of contracting an infectious disease at an appropriate place for a certain period
Prohibiting the acts of using, receiving, moving, discarding, or cleaning things infected or suspected of being infected by the pathogen of an infectious disease, or burning up or disposing of such things
Issuing an order to disinfect or take other necessary measures for, places infected by the pathogen of an infectious disease
Issuing an order to prevent laundering at a specified place or to dispose of wastes at a specified place.
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than five years or by a fine not exceeding 50 million won:
A person who introduces high-risk pathogens into the domestic environment without obtaining permission therefor, in violation of Article 22 (1) or (2)
A person who possesses any pathogen of an infectious disease spread through bioterrorism without obtaining permission therefor, in violation of Article 23-3 (1)
A person who exports quasi-drugs, etc. or ships them out of the Republic of Korea, in violation of Article 40-3 (1).
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 17067, Mar. 4, 2020
Any person seeking compensation for loss under paragraph (1) shall file a claim for compensation for loss with the Minister of Health and Welfare, the relevant Mayor/Do Governor, or the head of the relevant Si/Gun/Gu, by appending relevant documents to the written claim for compensation for loss, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Amended by Act No. 13639, Dec. 29, 2015
The Minister of Environment may designate institutions to inspect raw materials, products, containers, etc. collected pursuant to Article 42 (1) 3 and to examine the quality of drinking water pursuant to Article 5 (2). Where any designated institution (hereinafter referred to as "inspection institution") intends to alter important matters prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Environment, it shall file a report on alteration with the Minister of Environment.
Inspection institutions shall be classified into institutions to examine the quality of drinking water, institutions to inspect water treatment chemicals, institutions to conduct the quality tests of water purifiers, and institutions to conduct the performance tests of water purifiers.
None of the following persons shall be designated as an inspection institution under paragraph (1): Newly Inserted by Act No. 8952, Mar. 21, 2008 Act No. 13164, Feb. 3, 2015 Act No. 16079, Dec. 24, 2018
An incompetent person under adult guardianship or a quasi-incompetent person under limited guardianship
A person sentenced to imprisonment with labor for a violation of this Act in whose case two years have not elapsed from the date of the termination of execution of such sentence (including where such execution is deemed terminated) or from the date of the exemption from such execution
A person sentenced to suspension of execution of imprisonment with labor for a violation of this Act, who is in the period of suspension of such execution
A person in whose case four years have not elapsed after designation was revoked pursuant to paragraph (6)
A corporation or institution, any of whose executives or representatives falls under any of subparagraphs 1 through 4.
Where the Minister of Environment receives an application for designation as an inspection institution or designates an inspection institution pursuant to paragraph (1) or (2), he or she may assess its capability to measure and analyze water quality.
Institutions designated to conduct the quality tests of water purifiers pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) may each establish a deliberative committee on the quality of water purifiers in order to ensure the fair quality tests of water purifiers.
In any of the following cases, the Minister of Environment may revoke designation of a inspection institution or take a disposition suspending its business for a specified period of up to six months: Provided, That in the case of subparagraph 1, 1-2, 2 or 3, the Minister of Environment must revoke the designation of the inspection institution: Amended by Act No. 8952, Mar. 21, 2008 Act No. 10154, Mar. 22, 2010 Act No. 12318, Jan. 21, 2014
Where the inspection institution obtains designation by fraud or other improper means
1-2. Where the inspection institution falls under any subparagraph of paragraph (3): Provided, That where a corporation or institution replaces its executive or representative falling under paragraph (3) 1 through 4 with a newly appointed executive or representative within three months, such designation shall not be revoked
Where the inspection institution issues any false written inspection record intentionally or by gross negligence while conducting inspections under this Act or other statutes (limited to statutes stipulating that inspections shall be conducted by inspection institutions designated under Article 43)
Where the inspection institution conducts inspections and tests as an agent in the period during which its business is suspended
Where the inspection institution fails to commence inspections and tests as an agent within one year after designation and has no record of conducting inspections and tests for at least one year
Where the inspection institution fails to file a report on any alteration to the important matters under paragraph (1)
Where the inspection institution fails to meet the assessment standards set under paragraph (7) as a result of the assessment conducted under paragraph (4)
Where the inspection institution fails to meet the standards for technical human resources and facilities under paragraph (7)
Where the inspection institution fails to meet any of the requirements determined under paragraph (10).
The standards for technical human resources and facilities required to be designated as an inspection institution pursuant to paragraphs (1) through (4), filing applications for designation as an inspection institution, the designation of an inspection institution, the assessment standards, and other relevant matters, shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Environment. Amended by Act No. 8952, Mar. 21, 2008
The functions of the institutions charged with the quality tests of water purifiers under paragraph (5) and the organization, members terms of office, functions of the deliberative committee on the quality of water purifiers, and other necessary matters, shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Environment. Amended by Act No. 8952, Mar. 21, 2008
Detailed standards for the administrative dispositions taken under paragraph (6) shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Environment. Amended by Act No. 8952, Mar. 21, 2008
Inspection institutions shall meet the requirements determined by Ordinance of the Ministry of Environment, such as the methods of testing water quality and the recording and keeping of inspection results. Newly Inserted by Act No. 10154, Mar. 22, 2010
Technical human resources in charge of inspections shall undergo training conducted by the Minister of Environment, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Environment. In such cases, the Minister of Environment may collect expenses for such training from employers of trainees. Newly Inserted by Act No. 10154, Mar. 22, 2010
The Minister of Environment shall develop policies necessary for controlling the quality of drinking water, spring water and saline groundwater, such as determining and disseminating quality standards for drinking water, spring water and saline groundwater. Amended by Act No. 11663, Mar. 22, 2013
The Minister of Environment, the Special Metropolitan City Mayor, a Metropolitan City Mayor, a Special Self-Governing City Mayor, a Do Governor, or a Special Self-Governing Province Governor (hereinafter referred to as "Mayor/Do Governor") shall conduct the quality tests of drinking water, spring water and saline groundwater. Amended by Act No. 8952, Mar. 21, 2008 Act No. 11463, Jun. 1, 2012 Act No. 11663, Mar. 22, 2013
The standards for, and the frequency of, quality tests of drinking water, spring water and saline groundwater shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Environment. Amended by Act No. 11663, Mar. 22, 2013
To establish the quality standards for drinking water, etc. under paragraph (3), the Minister of Environment may designate items requiring monitoring, such as substances likely to be harmful that are contained in drinking water, spring water and saline groundwater, as water quality monitoring items for drinking water, spring water and saline groundwater. In such cases, details regarding subject matters of and procedures for designating water quality monitoring items for drinking water, spring water and saline groundwater, monitoring criteria by each item, test cycles, etc. shall be prescribed and publicly notified by the Minister of Environment. Newly Inserted by Act No. 16079, Dec. 24, 2018
If deemed necessary to improve the quality of drinking water, spring water and saline groundwater, the Special Metropolitan City, a Metropolitan City, a Special Self-Governing City, a Do or a Special Self-Governing Province (hereinafter referred to as "City/Do") may establish, by its municipal ordinance, tighter provisions governing the standards for, and the frequency of, quality tests of drinking water under paragraph (3). Newly Inserted by Act No. 10154, Mar. 22, 2010 Act No. 11463, Jun. 1, 2012 Act No. 11663, Mar. 22, 2013 Act No. 16079, Dec. 24, 2018
Where the standards for, and the frequency of, quality tests of drinking water are established or altered pursuant to paragraph (5), the relevant Mayor/Do Governor shall report such fact to the Minister of Environment without delay, and shall take measures necessary to enable the interested persons to be aware of such fact, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Environment. Newly Inserted by Act No. 10154, Mar. 22, 2010 Act No. 16079, Dec. 24, 2018
The scope of income of a workplace-based insured or a voluntarily and continuously insured engaged in work at the workplace covered by the National Pension Scheme (excluding where a beneficiary of a retirement pension, etc. under Article 8 (1) of the Act, a recipient of livelihood benefits under Article 7 (1) 1 of the National Basic Living Security Act and a recipient of medical benefits under subparagraph 3 of the aforesaid paragraph become voluntarily and continuously insureds, but including a beneficiary of a retirement pension, etc. under Article 8 (1) of the Act who has applied for aggregation under Article 8 of the Act on Aggregation of National Pension and Occupational Pensions hereinafter referred to as "work place-based, voluntarily and continuously insured person") under Article 3 (1) 3 of the Act shall be as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21645, Jul. 27, 2009 Presidential Decree No. 22347, Aug. 17, 2010 Presidential Decree No. 26744, Dec. 22, 2015
For employers (limited to the employers of workplaces which are not corporations): Income under paragraph (2) 1 through 3, and 5 and 6
For employees: Income obtained by deducting from earned income under Article 20 (1) of the Income Tax Act the non-taxable earned income under subparagraph 3 of Article 12 of the same Act (including the amount on which taxes are not imposed under Article 18-2 of the Restriction of Special Taxation Act).
The scope of income of an individually insured person, and a voluntarily and continuously insured person who is qualified to be an individually insured person (hereinafter referred to as "individually, voluntarily and continuously insured person") under Article 3 (1) 3 of the Act shall be as follows, and if the relevant insured person has at least two sources of income, the scope of income of such person shall be the aggregate of at least two sources of incomes:
Agricultural income: Income gained from the seeds cultivation business, fruit orcharding/horticultural services, sericulture business, plant nursery services, speciality crop producing business, livestock husbandry business, breeding stock farming, hatchery business, and work incidental thereto
Forestry income: Income gained from the forest management business, forest product production business, wild bird and animal breeding business, and work incidental thereto
Fishery income: Income gained from the fishing industry and work incidental thereto
Earned income: Income pursuant to (1) 2 of this Article
Business income: Amount of business income pursuant to Article 19 (2) of the Income Tax Act
Deleted. by Presidential Decree No. 22347, Aug. 17, 2010
Where a person who has attained status of a workplace-based insured person or a workplace-based, voluntarily and continuously insured person pays the first pension premium or resumes the payment of pension premiums as the period for the exceptional case of the payment of pension premium under Article 91 of the Act terminates, the National Pension Service established under Article 24 of the Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Service") shall determine the standard monthly income, considering an amount in one of the following subparagraphs as monthly income, and the applicable period shall be from the month insured status is attained or the payment is resumed to the month preceding the month to which the standard monthly income determined regularly under Article 7 (1) applies:
Where income is determined on a monthly, weekly or other specific period basis: An amount equivalent to 30 times the amount obtained by dividing such income by the total number of days in such period
Where income is determined on a daily, hourly, output, or contract basis: An amount obtained by averaging the monthly incomes of the persons who are engaged in the same occupation and receive the same income in the relevant workplace for one month preceding the month insured status is attained or the payment of pension premium is resumed
In cases of a person for whom the calculation of monthly income under subparagraphs 1 and 2 is difficult: An amount obtained by averaging the monthly income of the persons who are engaged in the same occupation and receive the same income in the relevant local area for one month preceding the month insured status is attained or the payment of pension premiums is resumed.
Where a person who has attained status of an individually insured person or an individually, voluntarily and continuously insured person pays the first pension premium or resumes the payment of pension premiums as the period for exceptional cases of the payment of pension premiums under Article 91 of the Act terminates, the Service shall determine the standard monthly income, considering the income that is earned from the occupation he or she is engaged at the time of attainment of the insured status or resumption of payment of pension premiums and reported by the relevant insured person or his or her agent, as the monthly income. In such cases, the Service may, in advance, inform or notify the relevant insured person or his or her agent of a monthly income recommended for report, which is calculated based on taxation data, type of business, size of workplace, size of farmland, etc. as a guideline for the relevant insured person or his or her agent.
If a resident dies, his or her inheritor shall file a return on the resident's tax base for the taxable period in which the date of death falls within six months from the last day of the month in which the date of commencement of inheritance falls (where the inheritor departs from the Republic of Korea during this period, the day before the date of departure), as prescribed by Presidential Decree: Provided, That this shall not apply to the income from the pension account succeeded by a heir pursuant to Article 44 (2). Amended by Act No. 11146, Jan. 1, 2012 Act No. 11611, Jan. 1, 2013
Paragraph (1) shall apply mutatis mutandis to cases where a resident who died between January 1 and May 31 had failed to file a final return on the tax base for the preceding taxable period of the taxable period to which the date of death belongs.
Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall apply mutatis mutandis where the relevant inheritor dies without filing a final return on the tax base in the given period.
Where a resident liable to file a final return on the tax base is to depart from the Republic of Korea, he or she shall file a return on the tax base for the taxable period in which the date of departure falls, by not later than the day before the date of departure.
Paragraph (4) shall apply mutatis mutandis to a final return on the tax base for the preceding taxable period of the taxable period to which the date of departure belongs, where a resident departs from the Republic of Korea between January 1 and May 31.
Article 70 (4) and (5) shall apply mutatis mutandis to special cases concerning a final return on the tax base under paragraphs (1) through (5).
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9897, Dec. 31, 2009
Safety facilities, etc. required to be installed and maintained in the business place of publicly-used establishments pursuant to Article 9 (1) of the Act shall be as provided for in attached Table 1-2. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25886, Dec. 23, 2014
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24257, Dec. 27, 2012
If the owner of the publicly-used business fails to properly install or maintain safety facilities, etc. in compliance with the standards prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety, the head of a regional fire headquarters or the chief of a fire station may order the owner of the publicly-used business to take necessary measures such as supplementation of safety facilities or may request the permitting authorities to suspend business or revoke permission, etc. as prescribed by the relevant statutes. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013: Act No. 12844, Nov. 19, 2014 Act No. 13914, Jan. 27, 2016 Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017
Anyone who intends to install or alter a private sewage treatment facility shall engage the operator of a business specializing in planning and construction of treatment facilities under Article 51 (including a construction contractor under the proviso of paragraph (1) of the same Article) to execute planning and construction works: Provided, That the foregoing shall not apply to any of the following cases: Amended by Act No. 8957, Mar. 21, 2008 Act No. 9334, Jan. 7, 2009 Act No. 10615, Apr. 28, 2011
If a private sewage treatment facility is installed or altered for the purpose of research on sewage treatment
If a person who has registered his or her construction business specialized in environment under Article 15 of the Environmental Technology and Industry Support Act installs or alters a private sewage treatment facility
If a pilot plant is installed to apply a sewage treatment method that has not been widely used domestically as treatment technology (which shall be limited to the one that has successfully passed a test conducted by a national or public testing institute, a research institute annexed to a university or college, or any other research or testing institute recognized by the Minister of Environment)
If any person who has his or her business of manufacturing private sewage treatment facilities registered in accordance with Article 52 (1) installs or alters on his or her own such facility manufactured by himself or herself
If a person who has registered a treatment facilities design and construction business under Article 34 of the Act on the Management and Use of Livestock Excreta installs or changes private sewerage treatment facilities.
Any of the following persons shall be punished by imprisonment with labor for not more than one year or by a fine not exceeding ten million won: Amended by Act No. 9334, Jan. 7, 2009 Act No. 11084, Nov. 14, 2011 Act No. 11264, Feb. 1, 2012
Any person who executes a sewerage construction work using sewerage materials not in conformity with the standards in violation of Article 12 (3)
Any person who interrupts sewage flow by manipulating a public sewerage system without good cause in violation of Article 19 (6)
2-2. Any person who registers a vicarious execution business of public sewerage management referred to in Article 19-2 (1) 1 by fraud or other improper means
2-3. Any person who registers as an institution specializing in technical checkup referred to in Article 20-2 (2) by fraud or other improper means
Any person who disobeys an order for taking measures referred to in Article 23 (1)
Any person who violates an order issued pursuant to Article 25 (1) to suspend or alter construction works
Any person who violates an order issued pursuant to Article 25 (2) to take such a measure as improvement of a facility
Any person who fails to install a private sewage treatment facility or fails to expand its treatment capacity in violation of Article 34 or 35: Provided, That the foregoing shall apply only where the treatment capacity of the private sewage treatment facility that the person is obligated to install or expand does not exceed two cubic meters per day
Any owner or manager of a private sewage treatment facility, who commits an act falling under any subparagraph of Article 39 (1)
Any person who fails to comply with an order issued pursuant to Article 40 (1) or (2) for improvement of a private sewage treatment facility
Any person who dumps foul waste recklessly in violation of Article 43 (2)
Any person who recycles foul waste without submitting a report in accordance with Article 44 (1)
Any person who violates an improvement order referred to in Article 44 (4)
Any person who obtains permission for foul waste collection and transportation business referred to in Article 45 (1) by fraud or other improper means
Any person who continues his or her business even during the period of business suspension referred to in Article 49 (1) or 54
Any person who registers business specializing in planning and construction of private sewage treatment facilities under Article 51 (1) by fraud or other improper means
Deleted by Act No. 11084, Nov. 14, 2011
Any person who registers manufacturing business of private sewage treatment facilities under Article 52 (1) or any change in such registration by fraud or other improper means
Any person who changes any matter registered without registering such change in accordance with Article 52 (1)
Any person who manufactures and sells any product not conforming to the standards for the structure, specification, materials, and performance of private sewage treatment facilities referred to in Article 52 (3)
Any person who registers management business of private sewage treatment facilities under Article 53 (1) by fraud or other improper means
Deleted. by Act No. 11084, Nov. 14, 2011
A person who intends to be a dietitian shall be any of the following persons and obtain a license from the Minister of Health and Welfare after he or she has passed a national examination for dietitians: Amended by Act No. 13643, Dec. 29, 2015 Act No. 15877, Dec. 11, 2018
A person who has majored in food science or dietetics at a university or college, an industrial college, a junior college, or an air and correspondence college under the Higher Education Act and meets the requirements for subjects, the completion of credits, etc. prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare
A person who has obtained a dietitian license (referring to a license that meets the accreditation standards determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare) overseas
A person who graduated from a foreign training school for dietitians (referring to a school that meets the accreditation standards determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare).
The Minister of Health and Welfare may entrust the management of a national examination pursuant to paragraph (1) to a related specialized institution recognized to be capable of managing the national examination, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare.
Matters necessary for the dietitian license, a national examination for dietitians, etc. shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare.
No person shall engage in any of the following acts:
sexual traffic
Arranging sexual traffic, etc.
human traffic aimed at sexual traffic
Employing or recruiting other persons for the purpose of having them engage in acts of selling sex, or brokering or arranging jobs in awareness that sexual traffic takes place
Conducting acts referred to in subparagraphs 1, 2 and 4 and advertising a business place in which such acts take place.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10697, May 23, 2011
Matters concerning restrictions on the uses, types, scales, etc. of buildings and other facilities within special-purpose areas designated pursuant to Article 36 shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Matters concerning restrictions on the uses, types, scales, etc. of buildings and other facilities within special-purpose districts designated pursuant to Article 37 may be prescribed by ordinance of the Special Metropolitan City, a Metropolitan City, a Special Self-Governing City, a Special Self-Governing Province, or a Si/Gun, in compliance with standards prescribed by Presidential Decree, except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Act or other statutes. Amended by Act No. 10599, Apr. 14, 2011
Restrictions on the uses, types, scales, etc. of buildings and other facilities under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall coincide with the objectives for which the relevant special-purpose area or the relevant special-purpose district is designated.
Where the uses, types, scales, etc. of buildings and other facilities are altered, the uses, types, scales, etc. of such buildings and other facilities after such alteration shall comply with paragraphs (1) and (2).
Restrictions on the uses, types, scales, etc. of buildings and other facilities within any of the following districts, complexes, or areas shall be governed by the following provisions, notwithstanding paragraphs (1) through (4): Amended by Act No. 9627, Apr. 22, 2009 Act No. 11020, Aug. 4, 2011 Act No. 13475, Aug. 11, 2015 Act No. 14795, Apr. 18, 2017
Within a settlement district provided for in Article 37 (1) 6, such restrictions shall be separately prescribed by Presidential Decree within the objectives for which the settlement district is designated
1-2. Within a development promotion district provided for in Article 37 (1) 7, such restrictions shall be separately prescribed by Presidential Decree within the objectives for which the development promotion district is designated
1-3. Within a combined special-purpose district provided for in Article 37 (1) 9, such restrictions shall be separately prescribed by Presidential Decree within the objectives for which the combined special-purpose district is designated
Within an agricultural and industrial complex, as defined in subparagraph 8 (d) of Article 2 of the Industrial Sites and Development Act, such restrictions shall be governed by the same Act
Within an agriculture promotion area, a preserved mountainous district, or grassland among agricultural and forest areas, such restrictions shall be governed by the Farmland Act, the Mountainous Districts Management Act, or the Grassland Act, respectively
Within a park area designated under the Natural Parks Act, a water source protection areas designated under the Water Supply and Waterworks Installation Act, designated cultural heritage assets or natural monuments and designated areas for their protection under the Cultural Heritage Protection Act, and a marine protection zone designated under the Conservation and Management of Marine Ecosystems Act, among natural environment conservation areas, such restrictions shall be governed by the Natural Parks Act, the Water Supply and Waterworks Installation Act, the Cultural Heritage Protection Act, or the Conservation and Management of Marine Ecosystems Act, respectively
Within a fishery-resource protection zone among natural environment conservation areas, such restrictions shall be governed by the Fishery Resources Management Act.
Where the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs, the Minister of Oceans and Fisheries, the Minister of Environment, or the Minister of the Korea Forest Service deems it necessary to conserve the farmland, natural environment, marine environment, or forests within a conservation control area or production control area, he or she may impose restrictions on the use, type, scale, etc. of buildings and other facilities pursuant to the Farmland Act, the Natural Environment Conservation Act, the Wildlife Protection and Management Act, the Conservation and Management of Marine Ecosystems Act, or the Creation and Management of Forest Resources Act. In such cases, said restrictions shall keep balance with the purport of restrictions imposed under this Act. Amended by Act No. 10977, Jul. 28, 2011 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9442, Feb. 6, 2009
The maximum limit on the ratio of the building area (which shall be the aggregate of building areas, in cases where there are two or more buildings on a building site) to the area of a building site (hereinafter referred to as "building-to-land ratio") shall conform to the standards for the building-to-land ratio under Article 77 of the National Land Planning and Utilization Act: Provided, That if any provision of this Act requires higher or lower standards than the afore-said standards, such provision shall prevail.
The maximum limit on the ratio of total floor area (which shall be the aggregate of total floor areas, in cases where there are two or more buildings on a building site) to the area of a building site (hereinafter referred to as "floor area ratio") shall conform to the standards for the floor area ratio under Article 78 of the National Land Planning and Utilization Act: Provided, That if any provision of this Act requires higher or lower standards than the afore-said standards, such provision shall prevail.
Even where a building is subject to permission under Article 11, building permission shall be deemed granted if a report is pre-filed with the Special Self-Governing City Mayor, the Special Self-Governing Province Governor, or the head of a Si/Gun/Gu, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, if it falls under any of the following cases: Amended by Act No. 9437, Feb. 6, 2009 Act No. 10599, Apr. 14, 2011 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12246, Jan. 14, 2014 Act No. 12701, May 28, 2014
Extending, altering, or reconstructing the floor area of a building within an aggregate of 85 square meters: Provided, That, if a building has at least three floors, the aggregate floor area of the building to be extended, altered, or reconstructed shall not exceed 1/10 of the total floor area
Constructing a building with a total floor area of less than 200 square meters and less than three floors in a controlled area, an agricultural and forest area, or a natural environment conservation area designated under the National Land Planning and Utilization Act: Provided, That excluded herefrom shall be the construction of a building in any of the following zones:
Substantial repair of a building with a total floor area of less than 200 square meters and less than three floors
Substantial repair of a building prescribed by Presidential Decree without demolishing its main structural members
Construction of any small building prescribed by Presidential Decree.
(a) A district-unit planning zone
(b) A disaster-vulnerable district and zone prescribed by Presidential Decree, such as a disaster-prevention district
Article 11 (5) and (6) shall apply mutatis mutandis to notifications of building construction filed under paragraph (1). Amended by Act No. 12701, May 28, 2014
The Special Self-Governing City Mayor, the Special Self-Governing Province Governor, or the head of a Si/Gun/Gu shall notify a person who has submitted a report, of whether his or her report is accepted or whether the processing period prescribed by statutes or regulations related to civil petitions is extended, within five days from the date the report under paragraph (1) is received: Provided, That where any deliberation, consent, consultation, verification, or any similar measure is necessary under this Act, or other statutes or regulations, notification shall be given within 20 days. Newly Inserted by Act No. 14792, Apr. 18, 2017
Where a report submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) falls under the proviso to paragraph (3), the Special Self-Governing City Mayor, the Special Self-Governing Province Governor, or the head of a Si/Gun/Gu shall notify the person who has filed the report, of the details thereof within five days from the date the report is received. Newly Inserted by Act No. 14792, Apr. 18, 2017
A report filed under paragraph (1) shall become invalid, if the person who has filed the report fails to commence construction works within one year from the date such report is filed: Provided, That the permitting authority may extend the deadline for the commencement of construction works by up to one year, if the permitting authority deems that just cause exists upon the request of the client. Amended by Act No. 13785, Jan. 19, 2016
A client who intends to use a building after completing the construction of the building permitted or reported under Article 11, 14, or 20 (1) (including where construction works for each unit of buildings are completed when at least two units of buildings are constructed on one site) shall file an application for approval for use, accompanied by a report on completion of supervision prepared by the project supervisor under Article 25 (6) (applicable only where a project supervisor has been appointed under 25 (1)) and the drawings and specifications for the completed project, with the competent permitting authority, as specified by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 14016, Feb. 3, 2016
Upon receipt of an application for approval for use of a building under paragraph (1), the competent permitting authority shall conduct an inspection on the following matters within the period set by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, and shall issue a written approval for use of the building, if the building passes the inspection: Provided, That a written approval for use may be issued for the buildings specified by ordinance of the competent local government without conducting an inspection for approval for use: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Whether the building applied for approval for use has been built in conformity to the drawings and specifications under which the permission was granted or the report was filed in accordance with this Act
Whether the documents, plans, and drawings, including a report on completion of supervision and drawings and specifications for the completed project, have been properly prepared.
No client may use or allow any third person to use a building, unless and until he or she obtains approval for use thereof in accordance with paragraph (2): Provided, That the same shall not apply if: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
The competent permitting authority fails to issue a written approval for use within the period set under paragraph (2)
The part of construction works completed before a written approval for use was issued complies with the standards prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, in terms of the building-to-land ratio, the floor area ratio, building service, evacuation, and fire prevention, and approval for temporary use has been granted for a given period, as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Approval for use granted to a client pursuant to paragraph (2) shall be deemed approval for use, a final inspection, and an application for registration obtained or filed under the following, while such approval for use of a factory building shall be deemed an inspection, etc. passed under the relevant Acts pursuant to Article 14-2 of the Industrial Cluster Development and Factory Establishment Act: Amended by Act No. 9384, Jan. 30, 2009 Act No. 9774, Jun. 9, 2009 Act No. 10599, Apr. 14, 2011, Act No. 10755, May 30, 2011 Act No. 12248, Jan. 14, 2014 Act No. 12738, Jun. 3, 2014 Act No. 14532, Jan. 17, 2017 Act No. 15526, Mar. 27, 2018
A final inspection of a drainage system under Article 27 of the Sewerage Act and a final inspection of a private sewage treatment facility under Article 37 of the said Act
An application for registration of changes in descriptions on the cadastral register under Article 64 of the Act on the Establishment, Management, etc. of Spatial Data
An inspection of installation of an elevator under Article 28 of the Elevator Safety Management Act
An inspection of installation of a boiler system under Article 39 of the Energy Use Rationalization Act
A pre-use inspection of electric equipment under Article 63 of the Electric Utility Act
A pre-use inspection of information and communications works under Article 36 of the Information and Communications Construction Business Act
Confirmation of completion of construction works performed while occupying and using a road under Article 62 (2) of the Road Act
A final inspection of development activities under Article 62 of the National Land Planning and Utilization Act
A final inspection of an urban/Gun planning facility project under Article 98 of the National Land Planning and Utilization Act
Reporting on the start-up operation of a facility for discharging water pollutants under Article 37 of the Water Environment Conservation Act
Reporting on start-up operation of a facility for emitting air pollutants under Article 30 of the Clean Air Conservation Act
Deleted. by Act No. 9770, Jun. 9, 2009
If approval for use under paragraph (2) involves matters provided for in any subparagraph of paragraph (4), the competent permitting authority shall pre-consult with the head of the relevant administrative agency thereon.
Upon granting approval for use under paragraph (2), the Special Metropolitan City Mayor or a Metropolitan City Mayor shall notify the head of the competent Gun/Gu thereof to enter the details of such approval in the building register. In such cases, information on the designer, the contractors of main works prescribed by Presidential Decree, and the project supervisor shall be recorded in the building register.
Each person who intends to construct a building that requires building permission under Article 11, may file an application to request the competent permitting authority to make a predetermination on the following matters concerning the construction of the building: Amended by Act No. 13325, May 18, 2015
Whether the construction of such building on the relevant site is permitted under this Act, or related statutes or regulations
The scale of a building that can be constructed on the relevant site, taking into consideration the building code and restrictions on construction under this Act, or related statutes or regulations, matters concerning the relaxed application thereof, etc.
Matters to be considered by an applicant to obtain building permission.
Each person who files an application for predetermination under paragraph (1) (hereinafter referred to as "applicant for predetermination") may simultaneously file an application for deliberation by the competent building committee and for examination on the traffic impact assessment statement under the Urban Traffic Improvement Promotion Act. Amended by Act No. 9071, Mar. 28, 2008 Act No. 13433, Jul. 24, 2015
Where the area of the building site for which an application for predetermination has been filed under paragraph (1) is subject to a mini environmental impact assessment under Article 43 of the Environmental Impact Assessment Act, the competent permitting authority shall consult with the Minister of Environment or the head of the competent local environment office on the mini environmental impact assessment. Amended by Act No. 10892, Jul. 21, 2011
Upon receipt of an application filed under paragraphs (1) and (2), the competent permitting authority shall make a predetermination on the location, scale, and use of the building and notify the applicant of the results thereof.
Procedures for filing applications under paragraphs (1) and (2), documents required for filing such applications, and notice thereof, and other necessary matters, shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
In receipt of a notice of predetermination under paragraph (4), an applicant shall be deemed to have obtained permission, filed a report, or held a consultation specified in the following: Amended by Act No. 10331, May 31, 2010
Permission for development activities under Article 56 of the National Land Planning and Utilization Act
Permission for, and reporting on, the diversion of a mountainous district under Articles 14 and 15 of the Mountainous Districts Management Act, or permission for, and reporting on, the temporary use of a mountainous district under Article 15-2 of the same Act: Provided, That, if the mountainous district is subject to conservation, the same shall apply only to such within an urban area
Permission for, and reporting or consultation on, the conversion of farmland under Articles 34, 35, and 43 of the Farmland Act
Permission to occupy and use a river under Article 33 of the River Act.
A competent permitting authority shall consult with the head of the relevant administrative agency before making a predetermination that involves in any disposition under the subparagraphs of paragraph (6), and the head of the administrative agency shall, upon receipt of a request for consultation, present his or her opinion within 15 days from receipt of such request.
Where the head of an administrative agency fails to submit his or her opinion within the period specified in paragraph (7) (referring to an extended period if the answer period is extended pursuant to Article 20 (2) of the Civil Petitions Treatment Act), a consultation shall be deemed held. Newly Inserted by Act No. 15992, Dec. 18, 2018
An applicant for a predetermination shall file an application for building permission under Article 11 within two years of the date of receipt of a notice of predetermination under paragraph (4), and the predetermination shall become invalid if he or she fails to file an application for building permission within the aforesaid period. Amended by Act No. 15992, Dec. 18, 2018
The terms used in this Act shall be defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 13152, Feb. 3, 2015
The term "distribution industry" means an industry aimed at the wholesaling and retailing of agricultural products, forest products, livestock products, marine products (including processed goods or cooked marine products), and industrial products, and the storage, delivery, and packaging thereof, and the provision of information and services related thereto
The term "salesroom" means a place for selling commodities and for rendering services involving the sale of commodities. In such cases, the scope of a place where such services are rendered in the salesroom shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree
The term "superstore" means a group of stores salesrooms of which meet the following requirements, which is prescribed in the attached Table:
(a) It shall be established in one unit or in group within one building or within at least two interlinked buildings that are prescribed by Presidential Decree
(b) It shall be continuously run
(c) It shall have the total area of at least three thousand square meters
The term quasi-superstore means any of the following stores, which is prescribed by Presidential Decree:
(a) A store directly operated by a company managing a superstore or by its affiliated company (referring to an affiliated company provided for in the Monopoly Regulation and Fair Trade Act)
(b) A store directly operated by an affiliated company of an enterprise group subject to limitations on mutual investment under the Monopoly Regulation and Fair Trade Act
(c) A store operated by a company or an affiliated company under item (a) or (b) in the form of chain business under the direct management of the headquarters pursuant to subparagraph 6 (a) and franchise-type chain business pursuant to subparagraph 6 (b)
The term "temporary market" means a certain place where a large number of buyers and sellers trade commodities or provide services for a certain period of time
The term chain business means any of the following businesses, which directly operates multiple retail stores in the same field of business (referring to direct operation of stores under their responsibilities and according to their calculations in their own stores or rent stores hereinafter the same shall apply) or supplies commodities, raw materials, or services to multiple retail stores in the same field of business, while consistently providing management counseling thereto:
(a) Chain business under the direct management of the headquarters: Chain business where the headquarters mainly operate retail stores directly, while continuously providing commodities and management counseling to certain retail stores which have concluded a franchise agreement (hereafter referred to as franchise in this subparagraph)
(b) Franchise-type chain business: Chain business where the headquarters, which has developed unique commodities, or sales or management technique, determines a store name, sales system, methods of operation of stores or methods of advertising and orders franchises to comply with its decision and counseling
(c) Voluntary franchise-type chain business: Chain business where a project to standardize franchise items and operation types, and joint projects, such as group purchase, joint marketing and utilization of common facilities, are conducted through the continuous management counseling provided by the headquarters and cooperation between the headquarters and a franchise
(d) Association-type chain business: Chain business where retail stores in the same field of business establish the Small and Medium Enterprise Cooperatives under Article 3 of the Small and Medium Enterprise Cooperatives Act, a cooperative under Article 15 of the Framework Act on Cooperatives, a federation of cooperatives under Article 71 of the same Act, a social cooperative under Article 85 of the same Act, or a federation of social cooperatives under Article 114 of the same Act to conduct projects, such as group purchase, joint marketing, and use of common facilities
The term "shopping mall" means a district densely clustered with wholesale, retail, or service stores on the street or in the underground passage of a certain width the number of which is at least the one determined by Presidential Decree
The term "specialized shopping complex" means a shopping complex which multiple wholesalers or retailers in the same trade created by collectively setting up stores and annexed facilities in a certain area
The term "nonstore sale" means a sale of commodities conducted without setting up any store with continuously-run salesrooms, as determined by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy
The term "standard distribution code" means such numerics and bar codes as inscribed on the surface of commodities, their packaging, or their packaging containers, or carrying containers in accordance with the standardized system, which are determined by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy
The term "standard electronic distribution document" means an electronic document as defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Framework Act on Electronic Documents and Transactions, which are standardized in the distribution sector and determined by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy
The term "point-of-sale information management system" means a system used to sell commodities, containing information related to the sale, purchase, delivery, etc. of commodities by the automatic optical reading technique
The term "logistics equipment" means goods, machinery, installations, etc. which are used for the transportation, packaging, loading and unloading, and carriage of commodities and other activities involved in processing the logistics information related to the management of such transportation, etc.
The term "wholesale delivery service" means a service in which, by means of collection and delivery facilities, a person engages in the wholesaling of commodities he or she purchases on his or her own account or a person, who obtains permission pursuant to Articles 3 and 29 of the Trucking Transport Business Act, engages in the provision of consigned commodities on commission to wholesalers or retailers
The term "collection and delivery facilities" means machinery, installations, and other related facilities used to support activities related to the collection and delivery of commodities, such as order processing, the management of inventories, transportation, storage, loading and unloading, packaging, and processing, and other information processing activities conducted to organically coordinate and back up those activities
The term "joint collection and delivery center" means a certain area and establishments which are equipped with collection and delivery facilities and incidental facilities thereto to be jointly used by multiple distributors and manufacturers.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11626, Jan. 23, 2013
Where it is recognized that damage is caused by a violation of any provision of this Act, but it is extremely impracticable to verify the fact necessary to substantiate the amount of such damage in light of the character of such fact, the court may recognize a reasonable amount of damage based on the gist of entire arguments and the results of investigating evidence.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 7315, Dec. 31, 2004
The Seoul High Court that has jurisdiction over the seat of the Fair Trade Commission shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals filed pursuant to Article 54. Amended by Act No. 5235, Dec. 30, 1996
Articles 5 through 12 shall apply mutatis mutandis to multicultural family members who raise children born in de facto marital relationships with a citizen of the Republic of Korea.
The State and local governments shall, in promoting support policies prescribed in Articles 5 through 10, endeavor to provide multilingual services in order to remove communication barriers facing immigrants by marriage, etc. and to improve accessibility to such services.
The State and local governments shall endeavor to prevent domestic violence in multicultural families in accordance with the Act on the Prevention of Domestic Violence and Protection, etc. of Victims. Amended by Act No. 10534, Apr. 4, 2011
The State and local governments may protect and support immigrants by marriage, etc. victimized by domestic violence. Newly Inserted by Act No. 10534, Apr. 4, 2011
The State and local governments shall endeavor to establish more counseling centers and protection facilities for victims of domestic violence which provide foreign language interpretation services to protect and support immigrants by marriage, etc. victimized by domestic violence.
When immigrants by marriage, etc. terminate a marital relationship due to domestic violence, the State and local governments may provide them with necessary services, such as interpretation of languages, legal counseling and administrative assistance in making statements and finding facts, so that they will not be placed at a disadvantage due to communication difficulties and lack of information about the legal system and other relevant matters.
The State and local governments may provide immigrants by marriage, etc. with medical services, such as education on nutrition and health, prenatal and postpartum care, and medical examinations, to ensure their healthy life. Amended by Act No. 10534, Apr. 4, 2011
The State and local governments may provide immigrants by marriage, etc. with interpretation service when they receive medical services referred to in paragraph (1). Newly Inserted by Act No. 10534, Apr. 4, 2011
Neither the State nor local governments shall discriminate against children and juveniles of any multicultural family in providing care and education services for children and juveniles. Amended by Act No. 13536, Dec. 1, 2015
The State and local governments shall prepare measures for educational assistance to children and juveniles of multicultural families to help them quickly adapt to school life and the Superintendent in each Special Metropolitan City, Metropolitan City, Special Self-Governing City, Do, and Special Self-Governing Province, may provide children and juveniles of multicultural families with extracurricular or after-school educational programs. Amended by Act No. 13536, Dec. 1, 2015
The State and local governments shall endeavor to support preschool care and education services for members of multicultural families under 18 years of age, and to help such members develop language skills, may provide assistance necessary for improving their linguistic proficiency, such as teaching materials and learning support in teaching Korean language and the mother tongue of their father or mother who is an immigrant by family. Amended by Act No. 11675, Mar. 22, 2013 Act No. 13536, Dec. 1, 2015
Principals of child-care centers under Article 10 of the Infant Care Act, heads of kindergartens under Article 7 of the Early Childhood Education Act, heads of all types of schools under Article 2 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, and heads of other organizations prescribed by Presidential Decree shall take necessary measures to prevent children and juveniles of multicultural families from being discriminated against in providing care and education services for children and juveniles. Newly Inserted by Act No. 13536, Dec. 1, 2015
The State and local governments shall establish and implement necessary policies, including counseling and education, to help any of the following youth adapt to society and improve their academic capability:
Youth from any multicultural family defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Multicultural Families Support Act
Other immigrant youth who experience difficulties in social adaptation and academic performance.
With respect to divorce, the provision of Article 37 shall apply mutatis mutandis: in case one of both spouses is a national of the Republic of Korea, who has his or her habitual residence in the Republic of Korea, the divorce shall be governed by the law of the Republic of Korea.
Disease control officers specified in Article 60 (1) of the Act, shall be appointed from among public officials of at least Grade IV with substantial experience in a field related to infectious diseases: Provided, That disease control officers of each Si/Gun/Gu may be appointed, from among public officials of at least Grade V with substantial experience in a field related to infectious diseases. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 26865, Jan. 6, 2016
In addition to the authority to take measures specified in Article 60 (3) of the Act, each disease control officer shall have the authority to take the following measures in the outbreak area of an infectious disease: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 26865, Jan. 6, 2016
Hospitalizing or quarantining persons suspected of being infected by the pathogen of an infectious disease for a certain period at an appropriate place
Disinfecting places or buildings contaminated by the pathogen of an infectious disease, or taking other necessary measures
Issuing orders to prohibit laundering at certain places or to handle wastes at designated places
Taking measures to prevent zoonoses, against persons who have involved in slaughter or persons, etc. exposed to zoonoses.
Deleted. by Presidential Decree No. 26865, Jan. 6, 2016
Other zoonoses prescribed by Presidential Decree in Article 14 (1) 4 of the Act, means animal influenza. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 26865, Jan. 6, 2016
The term "medical institution" in this Act means a place where medical personnel provide medical services or midwifery services (hereinafter referred to as "medical service") to the general public or multiple specific people.
Medical institutions shall be classified as follows: Amended by Act No. 9386, Jan. 30, 2009 Act No. 10785, Jun. 7, 2011 Act No. 14224, May 29, 2016 Act No. 16375, Apr. 23, 2019
A clinic-level medical institution: A medical institution in which a doctor, dentist or oriental medical doctor provides medical services primarily to outpatients and which are classified as follows:
A midwifery clinic: A medical institution in which a midwife assists childbirth and provides health services, education and consultation to pregnant women and newborn babies
A hospital-level medical institution: A medical institution in which doctors, dentists or oriental medical doctors provide medical services primarily to inpatients and which are classified as follows:
(a) A medical clinic
(b) A dental clinic
(c) An oriental medical clinic
(a) A hospital
(b) A dental hospital
(c) An oriental medical hospital
(d) A long-term care hospital (including a mental hospital among mental medical institutions referred to in subparagraph 5 of Article 3 of the Act on the Improvement of Mental Health and the Support for Welfare Services for Mental Patients, and a medical institution meeting the requirements prescribed in Article 3-2 among medical rehabilitation facilities referred to in Article 58 (1) 4 of the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities hereinafter the same shall apply)
(e) A general hospital.
The Minister of Health and Welfare may determine and publicly notify standard services to be rendered by each type of medical institutions as set forth in paragraph (2) 1 through 3, when deemed necessary for health and medical policies. Amended by Act No. 9386, Jan. 30, 2009 Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010
through (8) Deleted. by Act No. 9386, Jan. 30, 2009
None of the following persons shall be qualified as medical personnel: Amended by Act No. 8651, Oct. 17, 2007 Act No. 15540, Mar. 27, 2018 Act No. 15716, Aug. 14, 2018
A mentally ill person under subparagraph 1 of Article 3 of the Act on the Improvement of Mental Health and the Support for Welfare Services for Mental Patients: Provided, That this shall not apply to a person who is recognized by a medical specialist as qualified as medical personnel
An addict to narcotics, marijuana or any psychotropic drugs
A person under adult guardianship or person under limited guardianship
A person in whose case his or her imprisonment without labor or greater punishment declared by a court for violation of this Act, or Articles 233, 234, 269, 270, 317 (1), or 347 (applicable only to cases of deceiving a patient or an institution or organization responsible for payment of medical expenses by claiming medical expenses by false) of the Criminal Act, the Act on Special Measures for the Control of Public Health Crimes, the Regional Public Health Act, the Prevention of Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome Act, the Emergency Medical Service Act, the Act on the Special Measures for Health and Medical Services in Agricultural and Fishing Villages, the Anatomy and Preservation of Corpses Act, the Blood Management Act, the Narcotics Control Act, the Pharmaceutical Affairs Act, the Mother and Child Health Act, or any other statutes or regulations governing medical affairs specified by Presidential Decree was not completely executed or the none-execution of such sentence has not become final.
Medical personnel shall keep books for recording medical treatment, assistance in childbirth, nursing or other documents concerning medical treatment (hereinafter referred to as "medical records, etc") and record in detail matters concerning medical services prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare, such as a patient's primary symptoms, diagnosis, treatment and opinions and sign his or her name thereon. Amended by Act No. 11748, Apr. 5, 2013
Medical personnel and the founder of a medical institution shall keep medical records, etc. (including electronic medical records under Article 23 (1), and where there is any addition or revision, including all of the added or revised medical records, etc. and the original records hereinafter the same shall apply), as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Amended by Act No. 8852, Feb. 29, 2008 Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010 Act No. 15540, Mar. 27, 2018
No medical personnel shall falsely prepare medical records, etc. nor intentionally make additional indications or modifications different from the fact. Newly Inserted by Act No. 10565, Apr. 7, 2011
The Minister of Health and Welfare may prepare and publicly notify medical terminology that medical personnel uses for medical records, etc., such as the names of diseases, names of tests and names of medicines, and standards for forms and details of medical records, etc., and may recommend that medical personnel or founders of medical institutions comply therewith. Newly Inserted by Act No. 16555, Aug. 27, 2019
No person shall prepare and issue a medical certificate, postmortem examination report or certificate to a patient (where a patient has died or fallen into unconsciousness, referring to one of his or her lineal ascendants or descendants, his or her spouse, or one of his or her spouse's lineal ascendants and where a patient has died or fallen into unconsciousness and none of his or her ascendants or descendants, his or her spouse, or lineal ascendants of his or her spouse exist, referring to one of his or her brothers or sisters) or to a public prosecutor in a district public prosecutors' office (limited to a postmortem examination report) who administers an autopsy pursuant to Article 222 (1) of the Criminal Procedure Act, unless he or she is a physician, dentist or oriental medical doctor in medical services who has directly conducted diagnosis or postmortem examination of the patient (hereafter only in cases of a postmortem examination report, including physicians who work for any government agency responsible for autopsies in this paragraph): Provided, That such certificate or report may be issued for a patient without any other medical treatment, if the patient has died within 48 hours after his or her last medical treatment, while if the physician, dentist or oriental medical doctor who has directly diagnosed a patient or conducted a postmortem examination of the dead patient is unable to issue such certificate or report due to extenuating circumstances, another physician, dentist, or oriental medical doctor who works for the same medical institution may issue such certificate or report based on the medical records of the patient. Amended by Act No. 9386, Jan. 30, 2009 Act No. 14220, May 29, 2016 Act No. 16555, Aug. 27, 2019
No person shall issue a certificate of birth, death or stillbirth unless he or she is a physician, oriental medical doctor or midwife in medical services who has directly assisted the childbirth: Provided, That if a physician, oriental medical doctor or midwife who has assisted childbirth is unable to issue such certificate due to extenuating circumstances, another physician, oriental medical doctor or midwife who works for the same medical institution may issue the certificate based on medical records, etc.
No physician, dentist or oriental medical doctor shall, upon receiving a request for issuing a medical certificate, a report of postmortem examination or a certificate concerning the person whom he or she examined, refuse such request without good causes.
No physician, oriental medical doctor or midwife shall, upon receiving a request for issuing a certificate of birth, death or stillbirth in relation to his or her assistance in childbirth, refuse such request without good causes.
The forms of a medical certificate or certificate prescribed in paragraphs (1) through (4), matters to be stated therein, and other necessary matters shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Newly Inserted by Act No. 8559, Jul. 27, 2007 Act No. 8852, Feb. 29, 2008 Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010
Any person who intends to receive compensation under Article 71 (1) of the Act shall submit a written claim for compensation to the competent Special Self-Governing Province Governor or head of Si/Gun/Gu, along with a document evidencing his or her injury, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare.
The head of a Si/Gun/Gu shall submit documents received under paragraph (1) (hereinafter referred to as claim documents for injury compensation) to the competent Mayor/Do Governor, and the Mayor/Do Governor in receipt of the claim documents for injury compensation or the Special Self-Governing Province Governor in receipt of the claim documents for injury compensation under paragraph (1), shall forward the claim documents for injury compensation without delay to the Minister of Health and Welfare, along with the findings of basic investigation conducted by him or her regarding the injury that has resulted from vaccination and the statement of his or her views thereon.
The Minister of Health and Welfare shall determine whether to provide compensation after gather consensus from the advisory committee on vaccination injury compensation and notify the relevant Mayor/Do Governor of the determination, and the Mayor/Do Governor (excluding a Special Self-Governing Province Governor) shall notify the head of the relevant Si/Gun/Gu thereof. In such cases, the Special Self-Governing Province Governor or the head of the Si/Gun/Gu so notified shall notify the relevant claimant for compensation under paragraph (1) of the details of the determination. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 26024, Jan. 6, 2015
The Minister of Health and Welfare shall pay a person determined eligible for compensation under paragraph (3) the amount of compensation under the compensation standards under Article 29.
Except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Decree, matters necessary for the procedures and methods for deliberation on compensation for injuries caused by vaccination shall be determined by the Minister of Health and Welfare.
Facilities that require disinfection necessary for preventing infectious diseases under Article 51 (2) of the Act, shall be as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23356, Dec. 8, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 25448, Jul. 7, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 26024, Jan. 6, 2015 Presidential Decree No. 26916, Jan. 19, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 27277, Jun. 28, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 27445, Aug. 11, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 27971, Mar. 29, 2017
Lodging establishments (limited to those with at least 20 guest rooms) specified in the Public Health Control Act and tourist accommodation establishments specified in the Tourism Promotion Act
Food service business places (hereinafter referred to as food service establishments) with a total floor area of at least 300 square meters specified in subparagraph 8 (excluding item (e) thereof) of Article 21 of the Enforcement Decree of the Food Sanitation Act
Intra-city buses, rural buses, shuttle buses, cross-country buses, chartered buses, and funeral coaches specified in the Passenger Transport Service Act aircraft specified in the Aviation Safety Act and airport facilities specified in the Airport Facilities Act passenger ships specified in the Marine Transportation Act waiting lounges with a total floor area of at least 300 square meters specified in the Harbor Act and rolling stock for passenger transportation, stations, and station facilities specified in the Railroad Service Act and the Urban Railroad Act
Superstores, specialty stores, department stores, shopping centers, multiplex shopping malls, and other large-scale stores specified in the Distribution Industry Development Act, and traditional markets specified in the Special Act on the Development of Traditional Markets and Shopping Districts
General hospitals, hospitals, convalescent hospitals, dental hospitals, and oriental medical hospitals, prescribed in subparagraph 3 of Article 3 of the Medical Service Act
Meal service facilities (limited to those capable of providing meals continuously for at least 100 persons simultaneously) specified in subparagraph 12 of Article 2 of the Food Sanitation Act
6-2. Food service establishments engaged in catering service business, with a total floor area of at least 300 square meters, specified in subparagraph 8 (e) of Article 21 of the Enforcement Decree of the Food Sanitation Act
Dormitories specified in subparagraph 2 (d) of Table 1 attached to the Enforcement Decree of the Building Act
7-2. Lodging houses (limited to those to accommodate for at least 50 persons) specified in subparagraph 8 (a) of Table 2 attached to the Enforcement Decree of the Act on Fire Prevention and Installation, Maintenance, and Safety Control of Fire-Fighting Systems
Performance halls (limited to those with a seating capacity of at least 300) specified in the Public Performance Act
Schools specified in Article 2 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and Article 2 of the Higher Education Act
Private teaching institutes with a total floor area of at least 1,000 square meters specified in the Act on the Establishment and Operation of Private Teaching Institutes and Extracurricular Lessons
Office buildings and multiple-purpose buildings with a total floor area of at least 2,000 square meters
Nursery facilities specified in the Infant Care Act and kindergartens specified in the Early Childhood Education Act (limited to nursery facilities and kindergartens to accommodate at least 50 persons)
Multi-family housing specified in the Multi-Family Housing Management Act (limited to those with at least 300 households).
Public institutions prescribed by Presidential Decree in the former part of Article 16 (7) of the Act, means the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service and the National Health Insurance Service established under the National Health Insurance Act. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 26865, Jan. 6, 2016
Epidemiological investigations specified in Articles 18 (1) and 29 of the Act shall be conducted, upon occurrence of the relevant ground classified as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 27277, Jun. 28, 2016
Where the Director of the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is required to conduct an epidemiological investigation:
(a) Where the epidemiological investigation is to be conducted simultaneously in at least two Cities/Dos
(b) Where an urgent investigation is necessary, as to the outbreak or prevalence of an infectious disease or adverse reactions to vaccinations
(c) Where an epidemiological investigation conducted by a Mayor/Do Governor is deemed insufficient or it is deemed impracticable for a Mayor/Do Governor to conduct an epidemiological investigation
Where a Mayor/Do Governor or the head of a Si/Gun/Gu (referring to an autonomous Gu hereinafter the same shall apply) is required to conduct an epidemiological investigation:
(a) Where an infectious disease is likely to occur and prevail within his or her jurisdiction
(b) Where an infectious disease is likely to occur and prevail outside his or her jurisdiction, but suspected to have an epidemiological link within his or her jurisdiction
(c) Where a case of an adverse reaction to a vaccination is found within his or her jurisdiction, thus making it necessary to conduct an investigation to identify the cause.
Nursery facilities specified in the Infant Care Act and kindergartens specified in the Early Childhood Education Act (limited to nursery facilities and kindergartens to accommodate at least 50 persons)
The State and local governments shall formulate and implement policies necessary for preventing outbreaks and prevalence of infectious diseases, providing appropriate health and medical services to patients with infectious diseases, and managing such diseases.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10131, Mar. 17, 2010
All nationals shall have the right to receive full explanations from health and medical services personnel on methods for treating their diseases, whether they are subject to medical research, whether they require organ transplants, etc. and then to decide whether to agree with the aforementioned.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10131, Mar. 17, 2010
Any person who intends to receive compensation under Article 71 (1) of the Act shall submit a written claim for compensation to the competent Special Self-Governing Province Governor or head of Si/Gun/Gu, along with a document evidencing his or her injury, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare.
The head of a Si/Gun/Gu shall submit documents received under paragraph (1) (hereinafter referred to as claim documents for injury compensation) to the competent Mayor/Do Governor, and the Mayor/Do Governor in receipt of the claim documents for injury compensation or the Special Self-Governing Province Governor in receipt of the claim documents for injury compensation under paragraph (1), shall forward the claim documents for injury compensation without delay to the Minister of Health and Welfare, along with the findings of basic investigation conducted by him or her regarding the injury that has resulted from vaccination and the statement of his or her views thereon.
The Minister of Health and Welfare shall determine whether to provide compensation after gather consensus from the advisory committee on vaccination injury compensation and notify the relevant Mayor/Do Governor of the determination, and the Mayor/Do Governor (excluding a Special Self-Governing Province Governor) shall notify the head of the relevant Si/Gun/Gu thereof. In such cases, the Special Self-Governing Province Governor or the head of the Si/Gun/Gu so notified shall notify the relevant claimant for compensation under paragraph (1) of the details of the determination. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 26024, Jan. 6, 2015
The Minister of Health and Welfare shall pay a person determined eligible for compensation under paragraph (3) the amount of compensation under the compensation standards under Article 29.
Except as otherwise expressly provided for in this Decree, matters necessary for the procedures and methods for deliberation on compensation for injuries caused by vaccination shall be determined by the Minister of Health and Welfare.
The Minister of Health and Welfare shall pay a person determined eligible for compensation under paragraph (3) the amount of compensation under the compensation standards under Article 29.
All citizens shall be assured of human worth and dignity and have the right to pursuit of happiness. It shall be the duty of the State to confirm and guarantee the fundamental and inviolable human rights of individuals.
If a medical or herb doctor, dentist or midwife prepares a false medical certificate, post-mortem examination or certificate life or death, he or she shall be punished by imprisonment or imprisonment without prison labor for not more than three years, suspension of qualifications for not more than seven years, or a fine not exceeding 30 million won.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 5057, Dec. 29, 1995
A doctor, herb doctor, midwife, pharmacist, or druggist who procures the miscarriage of a woman upon her request or with her consent, shall be punished by imprisonment for not more than two years. Amended by Act No. 5057, Dec. 29, 1995
A person who procures the miscarriage of a woman without request or consent, shall be punished by imprisonment for not more than three years.
When, in consequence of his or her commission of the crime as referred to in paragraph (1) or (2), a woman is injured, such perpetrator shall be punished by imprisonment for not more than five years. When a woman dies, the perpetrator shall be punished by imprisonment for not more than ten years. Amended by Act No. 5057, Dec. 29, 1995
In the case of the preceding three paragraphs, suspension of qualifications for not more than seven years shall be concurrently imposed.
A person who causes the death or injury of another by occupational or gross negligence, shall be punished by imprisonment for not more than five years or by a fine not exceeding 20 million won. Amended by Act No. 5057, Dec. 29, 1995
A person who steals another's property shall be punished by imprisonment for not more than six years or by a fine not exceeding ten million won. Amended by Act No. 5057, Dec. 29, 1995
Where any central association intends to obtain permission for modification of the articles of incorporation under Article 29 (3) of the Act, it shall submit the following documents to the Minister of Health and Welfare: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 20679, Feb. 29, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 22075, Mar. 15, 2010
Documents stating the details and reasons of the modification of the articles of incorporation
Minutes of the meetings concerning the modification of the articles of incorporation
A comparison chart for the new and old articles of incorporation, and other reference documents.
In order to achieve the purpose prescribed in Article 1, the Corporation shall carry out the following projects:
Legal aid
Investigation and research concerning various legal aid systems
Enlightenment projects to enhance law-abiding spirit
Other projects necessary for accomplishing the object of the Corporation.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8994, Mar. 28, 2008
A person eligible for protection under Articles 5 and 5-2 of the Single-Parent Family Support Act
No legal aid corporation, corporation or institution for which a public-service advocate has worked or is working, or person is in charge of legal aid services for such corporation or institution shall receive any fee or other money and goods, regardless of the title thereof under the pretext of legal aid services: Provided, That this shall not apply to costs of lawsuit, attorney-at-law fees, etc. prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 14102, Mar. 29, 2016
Notwithstanding the proviso to paragraph (1), the State may bear costs of lawsuit and attorney-at-law fees for any of the following persons, as prescribed by Presidential Decree: Amended by Act No. 9717, May 27, 2009 Act No. 11002, Aug. 4, 2011 Act No. 11041, Sep. 15, 2011 Act No. 12617, May 20, 2014 Act No. 13383, Jun. 22, 2015
A person who has rendered distinguished services to the State and his or her bereaved family registered under Article 6 (1) of the Act on the Honorable Treatment and Support of Persons, etc. of Distinguished Services to the State
A person who has rendered distinguished services to independence and his or her bereaved family or family registered under Article 6 (1) of the Act on the Honorable Treatment of Persons of Distinguished Services to Independence
A person who has rendered distinguished services to the 518 Democratization Movement registered under Article 7 (1) of the Act on the Honorable Treatment of Persons of Distinguished Services to the 518 Democratization Movement
A recipient of assistance as defined in subparagraph 2 of Article 2 of the National Basic Living Security Act
A child who needs protection under subparagraph 4 of Article 3 of the Child Welfare Act
A qualified recipient of a basic pension as provided in Article 3 of the Basic Pension Act
A person with a disability as defined in Article 2 (2) of the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities
A person eligible for protection under Articles 5 and 5-2 of the Single-Parent Family Support Act
A farmer as defined in subparagraph 2 of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Agriculture and Fisheries, Rural Community and Food Industry, and a fisher as defined in subparagraph 3 of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Fishers and Fishing Villages Development
An employee of a fishery catch transportation business under subparagraph 15 of Article 2 of the Fisheries Act
Other persons prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Attorney-at-law fees, etc. a public-service advocate receives under the proviso to paragraph (1) and paragraph (2) shall be transferred to the relevant accounting of the corporation for which he or she has worked or is working.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8994, Mar. 28, 2008
The terms used in this Act are defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 8643, Oct. 17, 2007 Act No. 8852, Feb. 29, 2008 Act No. 9847, Dec. 29, 2009 Act No. 9932, Jan. 18, 2010 Act No. 10788, Jun. 7, 2011 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12450, Mar. 18, 2014 Act No. 14328, Dec. 2, 2016 Act No. 14926, Oct. 24, 2017
The term "pharmaceutical affairs" means the manufacturing, dispensation, evaluation, storage, import, and distribution (including presentation hereinafter the same shall apply) of drugs and quasi-drugs, and other matters related to pharmaceutical technology
The term "pharmacist" means a person who is responsible for matters concerning pharmaceutical affairs (including those concerning herbal medication), with exception to those concerning herbal drugs the term "oriental medicine pharmacist" means a person who takes charge of matters concerning pharmaceutical affairs related to herbal drugs and medication thereof and they respectively shall be licensed by the Minister of Health and Welfare
The term "pharmacy" means a place where a pharmacist or oriental medicine pharmacist dispenses drugs including pharmacy medication for the purpose of presentation (where the founder of a pharmacy engages in drug distribution business concurrently, including the place required for the distribution business): Provided, That dispensaries of medical institutions shall be excluded herefrom
The term "drug" means any of the following:
(a) Those other than quasi-drugs, among the articles listed in the Korean Pharmacopoeia
(b) Articles, other than appliances, machinery, or equipment, used for the purposes of diagnosis, treatment, alleviation, care, or prevention of diseases in human beings or animals
(c) Articles, other than appliances, machinery, or equipment, used for the purpose of exerting pharmacological effects upon the structure or functions of human beings or animals
The term "herbal drug" means a raw drug collected from animals, plants, or minerals and dried, cut, or refined without altering the original forms in most cases
The term "herbal medication" means any drug made by combining herbal drugs according to the principles of oriental medicine
The term "quasi-drug" means any of the following articles designated by the Minister of Food and Drug Safety (excluding articles which shall be used for the purposes prescribed in subparagraph 4 (b) or (c)):
(a) Fibers, rubber products, or similar products used for the purpose of treatment, alleviation, care, or prevention of human or animal diseases
(b) Non-appliance, non-machinery, or similar articles that have insignificant influences on or do not directly act upon human bodies
(c) Medication for sterilization, insecticide, and other similar uses for the purpose of preventing infectious diseases
The term "new drug" means a drug composed of new materials, the chemical structure or the construction of substance of which is wholly unique, or a drug of composite medication containing new materials as effective ingredients, which is designated by the Minister of Food and Drug Safety
The term "over-the-counter drug" means any of the following drugs that meets the standards determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Food and Drug Safety, upon consultations with the Minister of Health and Welfare:
(a) A drug for which the misuse or abuse is of little concern and the safety and effectiveness may be expected even when used without a prescription by a physician or a dentist
(b) A drug that may be used to treat a disease without the professional knowledge of a physician or a dentist
(c) A drug that has a relatively small side effect on human bodies in consideration of dosage form and pharmacological action
The term "prescription drug" means a drug that is not an over-the-counter drug
The term "dispensation of a drug" means dispensing drugs for the purposes of treatment, prevention, etc. for a certain disease by a specific individual in accordance with the specific dose regimen through the combination of at least two drugs or by dividing one kind of drug into specified doses according to a specific prescription
The term "medication counselling" means any of the following:
(a) Providing information on the names, dose regimen and dose, efficacy and effects, storage methods, side effects, interactions, properties, etc. of drugs
(b) Assisting consumers in choosing the necessary drugs without providing diagnostic judgment when distributing over-the-counter drugs
The term "safety container or package" means a container or package designed and devised to make it difficult for children under the age of five to open
The term "contract manufacturing and distribution business" means the business of manufacturing and distributing drugs without retaining manufacturing facilities by entrusting a drug manufacturer with the manufacturing and distribution of drugs for which permission for manufacturing and distribution of items is granted by the Minister of Food and Drug Safety
The term "clinical trial" means a trial (including bioequivalence tests) that verifies pharmacodynamic, pharmacokinetic, pharmacological, and clinical effects of drugs, etc. and investigates adverse reactions to the human body to validate the safety and effectiveness of the relevant drugs, etc.
The term "non-clinical study" means a study conducted through the use of animals, plants, microorganisms, physical or chemical mediums, or the components thereof in the same conditions as those in a laboratory, so as to obtain various data on the nature or safety of study materials which influence the health of humans
The term "bioequivalence test" means a medical examination using a living body to prove bioequivalence, which validates that the bioavailability of two medications containing the same major ingredients is statistically equivalent among clinical trials
The term "orphan drug" means any of the following drugs under subparagraph 4 that is designated by the Minister of Food and Drug Safety:
(a) A drug used for the purposes of diagnosis or treatment of rare diseases under subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Rare Disease Management Act
(b) A drug with a rare subject of application, for which an alternative drug does not exist or whose safety or effectiveness has been significantly improved compared to the alternative drug
The term national essential drug means a drug essential for health and medical treatment, such as disease control and prevention of a radiation disaster, for which the stable supply is difficult solely due to market functions and which is designated by the Minister of Health and Welfare and the Minister of Food and Drug Safety in consultation with the head of a relevant central administrative agency.
The term "medical device" in this Act means an instrument, machine, apparatus, material, software, or any other similar product specified in the following subparagraphs as one used, alone or in combination, for human beings or animals: Provided, That drugs and quasi-drugs under the Pharmaceutical Affairs Act and the prosthetic limbs and aids among assistive devices for persons with disabilities under Article 65 of the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities shall be excluded herefrom: Amended by Act No. 15945, Dec. 11, 2018
A product used for the purpose of diagnosing, curing, alleviating, treating, or preventing a disease
A product used for the purpose of diagnosing, curing, alleviating, or correcting an injury or impairment
A product used for the purpose of testing, replacing, or transforming a structure or function
A product used for the control of conception.
The term "technical document" in this Act means a document on the quality of a medical device, such as performance and safety, which includes raw materials, structure of the item, intended use, instructions for use, operating principles, precautions for use, test specifications.
The term "medical device handler" in this Act means any of the following persons who have obtained permission or have filed a notification pursuant to this Act with regard to their businesses of handling medical devices, a person who opens a medical institution under the Medical Service Act, or a person who opens a veterinary hospital under the Veterinarians Act:
A manufacturer of medical devices
An importer of medical devices
A repairer of medical devices
A distributor of medical devices
A lessor of medical devices.
The term "medical device standard code" in this Act means numbers and bar codes (including RFID tags), etc., which are marked in accordance with a standardized system, on containers or exteriors, etc. to identify and manage medical devices in a systematic and efficient manner. Newly Inserted by Act No. 14330, Dec. 2, 2016
The definitions of terms used in this Act shall be as follows:
The term "blood" means blood cells and plasma collected from the human body
The term "blood management work" means work including the collection, testing, manufacturing, preservation, supply, and quality control of blood necessary for blood transfusions or for manufacturing blood products
The term "blood center" means a person who obtains permission pursuant to Article 6 (3) in order to perform blood management work
The term "blood donor" means a person who provides a blood center with his or her blood free of charge
The term "blood unfit for use" means blood or blood products prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare in which abnormalities are found at the time of or after collecting blood
The term "person ineligible to donate blood" means a person who falls short of health standards, such as a patient with an infectious disease or a patient who take medication, who is prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare as unfit to donate blood
The term "specific side effect from blood transfusion" means any side effect caused by transfused blood products, which is prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare
The term "blood product" means any of the following medications defined in Article 2 of the Pharmaceutical Affairs Act which is made of blood as its raw material:
(a) Whole blood
(b) Concentrated red blood cells
(c) Fresh frozen plasma
(d) Concentrated platelets
(e) Other blood-related medications prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Health and Welfare
The term "deposit on blood donation" means a deposit made by a blood center to the Minister of Health and Welfare to compensate for expenses incurred in blood transfusions or to use for blood donation projects pursuant to Article 14 (4)
The term "blood collection" means the collection of blood from a blood donor to manufacture blood products used for blood transfusions, etc.
The term "side effect from blood collection" means any unexpected side effect, such as vasovagal response or subcutaneous hemorrhage, which may occur to a blood donor after collecting blood.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11525, Oct. 22, 2012
A criminal complaint and accusation shall be filed with a prosecutor or senior judicial police officer in writing or orally.
On receipt of an oral criminal complaint or accusation, a prosecutor or senior judicial police officer shall draw up a protocol.
When a senior judicial police officer receives a criminal complaint or accusation, he or she shall investigate the relevant documents and evidential materials pertaining thereto promptly and transfer them to a prosecutor.
A public prosecution shall be instituted and executed by a prosecutor.
Where a probable reason exists to suspect that a criminal suspect has committed a crime and if he or she falls under any subparagraph of Article 70 (1), a prosecutor may detain the criminal suspect for detention with a warrant of detention issued by a judge of the competent district court upon request of the prosecutor, and the senior judicial police officers may arrest the criminal suspect with a warrant of detention issued by a judge of the competent judge upon request of a prosecutor who is requested for the warrant by the judicial police officers: Provided, That with regard to offenses punishable with a fine not exceeding 500,000 won, misdemeanor imprisonment, or a minor fine, such arrest shall be effected only where the criminal suspect has no fixed dwelling. Amended by Act No. 3282, Dec. 18, 1980 Act No. 5054, Dec. 29, 1995
When a warrant of detention is requested, data justifying the necessity of the detention shall be submitted. Amended by Act No. 3282, Dec. 18, 1980
The judge of the district court who is requested as prescribed in paragraph (1) shall make a decision immediately as to whether a warrant of detention will be issued. Newly Inserted by Act No. 5054, Dec. 29, 1995
Where a judge of the district court who receives the request under paragraph (1) deems that the request has a good reason, he or she shall issue a warrant of detention. When the judge does not issue a warrant, he or she shall state the gist thereof and reasons therefor in the request, sign and seal the request, and return the request to the prosecutor who has made the request. Amended by Act No. 3282, Dec. 18, 1980
Where a prosecutor makes the request under paragraph (1), if he or she has before requested or received a warrant of detention of the same criminal suspect on the same criminal facts, he or she shall enter the gist of and reasons for the second request for the warrant of detention. Amended by Act No. 3282, Dec. 18, 1980
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 2450, Jan. 25, 1973
A finding "not guilty" shall be pronounced by judgment if the facts against the criminal defendant do not constitute an offense or if the evidence of the criminal act is insufficient.
An appeal may be lodged by a prosecutor or a criminal defendant.
Deleted. by Act No. 8730, Dec. 21, 2007
The Constitutional Court shall have jurisdiction over the following matters:
Constitutionality of statutes upon the request of the ordinary courts
Impeachment
Dissolution of a political party
Competence dispute between State agencies, between a State agency and a local government, or between local governments
Constitutional complaints.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10546, Apr. 5, 2011
In legal proceedings filed under Article 190, any of the following persons shall be named as a defendant:
The head of the central administrative agency or applicant, who is liable to pay compensation, if such compensation is payable under Article 41 (3) or (4)
The head of a central administrative agency, patentee, or exclusive or non-exclusive licensee who is liable to pay compensation, if such compensation is payable under Article 106 (3) or 106-2 (3)
The non-exclusive or exclusive licensee, patentee, or owner of a registered utility model or design, if the legal proceedings are about the consideration under Articles 110 (2) 2 and 138 (4).
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 12753, Jun. 11, 2014
If a taxpayer erroneously pays or overpays money collectible by a local government or an amount of tax is refundable to taxpayers pursuant to the Local Tax Act (where any amount of tax is to be deducted from the amount refundable under local tax-related Acts, referring to the remaining amount after deduction), the head of a local government shall immediately determine such erroneously paid or overpaid amount or an amount of tax to be refunded as a local tax refund. In such cases, any claim for a refund of money paid erroneously or in duplicate shall be made, as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
The head of a local government shall appropriate an amount determined as a local tax refund for any of the following money collectible by the local government, as prescribed by Presidential Decree: Provided, That if such amount is appropriated to local taxes under subparagraph 1 (excluding cases falling under grounds for collection before the payment period under the subparagraphs of Article 22 (1) of the Local Tax Collection Act) and subparagraph 3, a taxpayer shall agrees to such appropriation:
Local taxes payable on a tax notice
Amount in arrears
Local taxes to be returned and paid under this Act or local tax-related Acts.
Where the amount determined as a local tax refund is appropriated for money collectible under paragraph (2) 2, amount in arrears and local tax refunds shall be deemed extinguished as to the amount equivalent thereto retroactively to the later date between the statutory deadline for the payment of local taxes in arrears and the date prescribed in subparagraphs of Article 62 (1).
Where a taxpayer has an amount of tax to be refunded pursuant to local tax-related Acts, he or she may request that the refund be applied to pay local taxes under paragraph (2) 1 and 3. In such cases, such local taxes shall be deemed paid on the date he or she requests that the refund be so applied.
The balance of a local tax refund after appropriation pursuant to paragraph (2) shall be refunded to a taxpayer without delay after the local tax refund is determined.
Notwithstanding paragraph (5), where the balance of a local tax refund after appropriation pursuant to paragraph (2) does not exceed 100,000 won, and is not refunded within six months after the date the tax refund is decided, such amount may be appropriated for local taxes under paragraph (2) 1 and 3, as prescribed by Presidential Decree. In such cases, consent referred to in the proviso to paragraph (2) shall be deemed given.
Notwithstanding paragraphs (5) and (6), where a taxpayer who paid a local tax dies, in which case the remainder after a refund was applied pursuant to paragraph (2) does not exceed 100,000 won, and a refund is not paid within six months from the date the head of a local government decides to make a refund, he or she may pay a local tax refund to a principal successor prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety. Amended by Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017
Notwithstanding Article 7 of the Local Finance Act, local tax refunds (including additional charges on local tax refunds under Article 62) under paragraph (5) shall be paid from the revenue for the year in which such refund is paid.
When the head of a local government requests the return of an amount of already applied or paid money because a determination on local tax refunds has been cancelled, a notice, demand and disposition for failure in payment under Local Tax Collection Act shall apply mutatis mutandis thereto. Amended by Act No. 16039, Dec. 24, 2018
Notwithstanding paragraph (1), paragraph (1) shall not apply in cases of falling under the main sentence of Article 55 (3). Newly Inserted by Act No. 16039, Dec. 24, 2018
A hearing date for deliberation shall be specified ex officio by the commission.
A change of a hearing date shall be made ex officio or upon request by the party.
If a hearing date is changed, the commission shall notify the parties of the fact and grounds therefor without delay.
Notification of a hearing date or of a change of a hearing date may be made in writing or in simple methods of notification (hereinafter referred to as "simple methods of notification") such as a phone call to the phone number stated on the written appeal, text message using cellular phone, facsimile, electronic mail, etc.
Administrative appeals shall be classified as follows:
Appeals for revocation: Appeals for revocation or modification of an illegal or unjust disposition rendered by an administrative agency
Appeals for affirmation of nullity, etc.: Appeals for affirmation of the effectiveness or ineffectiveness of a disposition by an administrative agency, or the existence or non-existence of such disposition
Appeals for performance of obligation: Appeals for a specified disposition against an illegal or unjust disposition of refusal or omission rendered by an administrative agency with respect to an application of the relevant party.
If recognizing an appeal is believed to be detrimental to the public welfare even though the commission deems that the appeal is well-grounded, the commission may issue a ruling to dismiss the appeal. In such cases, the commission shall specify it in the urteilsformel of the ruling that the disposition or omission is unlawful or unjust.
In making a ruling under paragraph (1), the commission may take proper relief measures for the appellant or order the appellee to take such measures.
Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to an appeal for affirmation of nullity, etc.
Notwithstanding Article 49 (3), where an appellee fails to render a disposition, the commission may order the appellee to take corrective measures in writing within a specified period, if the party concerned makes a request and if the appellee fails to comply with the order within the period, the commission may render a direct disposition: Provided, That this shall not apply where the commission is unable to render a direct disposition due to the nature of the disposition or for other unavoidable reasons. Amended by Act No. 14832, Apr. 18, 2017
Where the commission has rendered a direct disposition according to the main body of paragraph (1) of this Article, it shall notify the relevant administrative agency of the fact, and the agency in turn, shall regard the disposition rendered by the commission as its own disposition and shall take necessary measures, such as administration and supervision, in accordance with the relevant statutes.
With respect to an administrative appeal (hereinafter referred to as "appeal") filed against disposition or ommission by the following administrative agencies or its subordinate administrative agencies (referring to any agency supervised, or entrusted with affairs, by the following administrative agencies, regardless of the hierarchy of administrative organization, and the administrative agency entrusted with affairs shall be deemed to be under the jurisdiction of the administrative agency that entrusts the affairs in question with respect to the entrusted affairs hereinafter the same shall apply), an administrative appeals commission established under the following administrative agencies shall review and make a ruling: Amended by Act No. 14146, Mar. 29, 2016
The Board of Audit and Inspection of Korea, the Director of National Intelligence Service, and the heads of other agencies under the direct control of the President prescribed by Presidential Decree
The Secretary General of the National Assembly, the Minister of National Court Administration, the Secretary General of the Constitutional Court, and the Secretary General of the National Election Commission
The National Human Rights Commission of Korea, and other administrative agencies prescribed by Presidential Decree in recognition of the independence, uniqueness, etc. of their status and nature.
With respect to an appeal filed against disposition or omission by the following administrative agencies, the Central Administrative Appeals Commission established under the Anti-Corruption and Civil Rights Commission pursuant to the Act on the Prevention of Corruption and the Establishment and Management of the Anti-Corruption and Civil Rights Commission (hereinafter referred to as the "Civil Rights Commission"), shall review and make a ruling: Amended by Act No. 11328, Feb. 17, 2012
The head of a state administrative agency, or its subordinate administrative agency, other than the administrative agencies under paragraph (1)
A Special Metropolitan City Mayor, a Metropolitan City Mayor, a Special Metropolitan Autonomous City Mayor, a Do Governor, a Special Self-Governing Province Governor (including the superintendent of education in a Special Metropolitan City, a Metropolitan City, a Special Metropolitan Autonomous City, a Do, or a Special Self-Governing Province hereinafter referred to as a "Mayor/Do Governor") or its Assembly (including all administrative agencies under the jurisdiction of its Assembly, such as the Chairperson, the Chairperson of a Committee, and the Secretary General) of a Special Metropolitan City, a Metropolitan City, a Special Metropolitan Autonomous City, a Do, or a Special Self-Governing Province (hereinafter referred to as "City/Do")
Associations of local governments under the Local Autonomy Act and other administrative agencies jointly established by the State, local governments, public corporations, etc Provided, That the administrative agency under Article 3 (3) shall be excluded herefrom.
With respect to an appeal filed against disposition or omission by the following administrative agencies, an administrative appeals commission established under the jurisdiction of a Mayor/Do Governor reviews and makes a ruling:
An administrative agency under the jurisdiction of a City/Do
The head of a Si/Gun/autonomous Gu located under the jurisdiction of a City/Do, its subordinate administrative agency, or the Assembly of a Si/Gun/autonomous Gu (including all administrative agencies under the jurisdiction of the Assembly, such as the Chairperson, the Chairperson of a committee, the director of general services, and the head of general services)
An administrative agency jointly established by at least two local governments (referring to a Si/Gun/autonomous Gu) and a public corporation, etc. under the jurisdictions of a City/Do.
Notwithstanding paragraph (2) 1, with respect to an appeal filed against disposition or omission by the head of a specialized local administrative agency under the control of a state administrative agency prescribed by Presidential Decree, the administrative appeals commission established under the immediate upper-level administrative agency having jurisdiction over the relevant administrative agency shall review and make a ruling.
The terms used in this Act shall be defined as follows:
The term "disposition" means an exercise of public power, the refusal of such exercise, or any other equivalent administrative action, which is the execution of laws with respect to specific facts conducted by administrative agencies
The term "omission" means an administrative agencys failure to make a certain disposition concerning a request made by the party concerned even though it is legally obliged to do so within a reasonable period
The term "ruling" means a decision by an administrative appeals commission under Article 6 on administrative appeals
The term "administrative agency" means an agency of the State or a local government which makes and announces an administrative decision, as well as a public organization or its branches, or an individual with administrative authority, or entrusted with, or delegated to, administrative authority under relevant statutes or municipal ordinances or rules.
Where a ruling on appeal is made, further appeal shall not be filed against the ruling, the same disposition, or omission.
If the commission deems that an appeal filed is unlawful but correctable, it may require the appellant to correct the appeal within a specified period: Provided, That in cases of insignificant matters, the commission may correct them ex officio.
When an appellant is required to correct an appeal pursuant to paragraph (1), the correction shall be made in writing. In such cases, the written correction shall be submitted together with the copies thereof, in the same number as the number of the parties.
The commission shall serve copies of a written correction submitted under paragraph (2) on the other parties without delay.
If any correction is duly made under paragraph (1), the appeal shall be deemed to have been brought lawfully from the beginning.
The period for making a correction under paragraph (1) shall not be included in the period for making a ruling under Article 45.
The party concerned may present documentary evidence or other articles of evidence supporting the partys claim, in addition to a written appeal, written correction, written answer, written request for intervention, supplementary documents, etc.
Documentary evidence referred to in paragraph (1) shall be accompanied by the copies thereof, in the same number as the number of the other parties.
The commission shall serve the copies of documentary evidence presented by the party on the other parties without delay.
If the commission deems it necessary for review of a case, it may, ex officio or upon request by the party, conduct an examination on the evidence by the following means:
By requiring any of the parties concerned or interested persons (including public officials of the relevant administrative agencies hereinafter the same shall apply) to appear in person before the commission to answer any question pertinent thereto
By requiring the parties or interested persons to submit papers, ledgers, articles, or other evidence in their possession, and keeping them in custody
By requiring a third person with special knowledge and experience to conduct expert appraisal
By inquiring of the parties or interested persons, or investigating or inspecting papers, articles, etc. by entering a place deemed necessary, such as the place of address, residence, or business, of the parties concerned or interested persons.
If necessary, the commission may entrust the personnel of an administrative agency to which the commission belongs or other administrative agencies with the task of investigating evidence referred to in paragraph (1).
A person who examines the evidence shall carry a certificate of identification and produce it to the party or the person for reference.
The party, etc. referred to in paragraph (1) shall comply with, and cooperate faithfully in, any investigation, requests, etc. of the commission.
Any statements made by members during meetings of the commission, or other matters prescribed by Presidential Decree, disclosure of which is likely to impede fairness in review and ruling made by the commission shall not be disclosed to the public.
If necessary, the commission may merge related appeals or separate merged appeals and review them.
An administrative appeal shall be filed by designating the administrative agency which has made a disposition as an appellee (in cases of an appeal for fulfillment of obligation, it shall be an administrative agency that has received an appellant's request): Provided, That where the power related to the subject matter of the appeal has been transferred to another administrative agency, the appellee shall be the administrative agency that has received such power.
If an appellant has made a mistake in designating the appellee, the commission may, ex officio or upon request by the party concerned, correct the designation of the appellee.
When the commission has made a decision to correct the designation of the appellee under paragraph (2), it shall serve the authentic copy of the decision on the parties (including the former appellee and newly designated appellee hereafter the same shall apply in paragraph (6)).
If a decision is made under paragraph (2), an appeal filed against the former appellee shall be deemed to have been withdrawn, and the administrative appeal shall be deemed to have been filed against a newly designated appellee as at the time the administrative appeal was filed against the former appellee.
If circumstances referred to in the proviso to paragraph (1) have occurred after an administrative appeal was filed, the commission shall make a decision to correct the designation of the appellee ex officio or upon request by the party concerned. In such cases, paragraphs (3) and (4) shall apply mutatis mutandis.
The party concerned may raise an objection to the commission with respect to the decision of the commission under paragraph (2) or (5) within seven days from the date on which he or she receives the authentic copy of the decision.
A lawsuit regarding any disposition taken by the National Labor Relations Commission shall be instituted against the chairperson of the National Labor Relations Commission within 15 days from the date the notification of the disposition is served.
No effect of any disposition shall be suspended on the ground of the institution of a lawsuit under this Act.
The period referred to in paragraph (1) shall be an invariable period.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 13044, Jan. 20, 2015
The chairperson of a Labor Relations Commission or the chairperson of a subcommittee shall, where a majority of the constituent members of the plenary meeting or the subcommittee submit a request for the convocation of a meeting respectively, comply therewith.
Decision upon general matters, such as the operation of the Labor Relations Commission
Recommendation concerning the improvement of working conditions referred to in Article 22 (2)
Instructions and rule-making referred to in Articles 24 and 25 (limited to the National Labor Relations Commission).
When a person who has received a decision of the Minister of Justice pursuant to this Act has an objection to the said decision, he may, in such a manner as provided for in the Administrative Litigation Act, appeal to the Seoul High Court within 60 days from the date on which the decision is executed: Provided, That when a person who has received a decision rejecting his request for an exemption decision under Article 11 has an objection to the said decision, he may appeal to the Seoul High Court within 60 days from the date of such decision.
No administrative litigation over any disposition prescribed in Article 75, any unfavorable action contrary to the intention of the person concerned nor any omission shall be lodged without undergoing the review and decision of an appeals review committee.
When administrative litigation under paragraph (1) is filed, its defendant shall be the competent Minister (including the head of an agency determined by Presidential Decree hereinafter the same shall apply) in cases of disposition or omission taken by the President, and the Chairperson of the National Election Commission in cases of disposition or omission taken by the Chairperson of the National Election Commission.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8996, Mar. 28, 2008
In applying Article 16 (1) of the State Public Officials Act to the teaching staff who are public educational officials (excluding public educational officials who hold office in a public university hereafter the same shall apply in this Article), the "Appeals Commission" in the same paragraph shall be construed as the "Appeal Commission for Teachers".
In applying Article 43 (1) of the State Public Officials Act to public educational officials, "Article 71 (1) 1, 3, 5 or 6 or Article 71 (2) or Article 73-2" in the body of the same paragraph shall be construed as "Article 44 (1) 1, 2, 4 through 7, 7-3, 8 through 12 or (2) or (3) of the Public Educational Officials Act" and "Article 71 (2) 4" in the proviso to the same paragraph shall be construed as "Article 44 (1) 7 of the Public Educational Officials Act". Amended by Act No. 13819, Jan. 27, 2016 Act No. 16436, Aug. 20, 2019
The restructuring or abolition of the organization of office prescribed in Article 70 (1) 3 of the State Public Officials Act and alteration of positions prescribed in Article 73-4 (1) of the same Act shall be deemed to include the disbandment of a school, department, or college in the schools defined in Article 2 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act and Article 2 of the Higher Education Act (excluding public universities). Amended by Act No. 13221, Mar. 27, 2015
In applying Article 32-4 of the State Public Officials Act to public educational officials, the "heads of State agencies" in paragraph (1) of the same Article shall be construed as "persons authorized to appoint, or request the appointment of, public officials".
Articles 6, 17, 19-2, 21, 22, 22-2, 23, 24, 28-2, 28-3, 31, 31-2, 32, 32-2, 34, 36, 36-2 (1) 1, 37 through 39, 40-2, 41, 42 (2), and 50 of the State Public Officials Act shall not apply to public educational officials, and Article 76 of the same Act shall not apply to teachers (excluding faculty members of public universities), respectively. Amended by Act No. 15949, Dec. 18, 2018
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11066, Sep. 30, 2011
If a resolution of a local council is deemed to exceed its powers, to violate statutes, or to be significantly detrimental to the public interest, the head of the competent local government may make a request for reconsideration, specifying the reasons therefor, within 20 days from the date when the resolution is transferred.
If a resolution identical to a preceding one is adopted with presence of a majority of the incumbent members of the local council and by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the members of the local council present as a result of reconsideration in response to a request as referred to in paragraph (1), the resolution shall become final.
If the head of the local government deems the matters resolved again under paragraph (2) to be in violation of statutes, he or she may file a lawsuit with the Supreme Court. In such cases, the provisions of Article 172 (3) shall apply mutatis mutandis.
The high court shall judge the following cases: Provided, That the cases falling under the jurisdiction of the patent court under subparagraph 2 of Article 28-4 shall be excluded: Amended by Act No. 13522, Dec. 1, 2015 Act No. 14470, Dec. 27, 2016
Cases of appeal or complaint against a judgment, adjudication, decision, or order made in the first instance by the collegiate panel of a district court, family court, or bankruptcy court or by an administrative court
Cases determined by the Supreme Court Regulations among cases excluding criminal cases, in terms of the cases of appeal or complaint against the judgment, adjudication, decision, or order made in the first instance by a single judge of a district court or family court
Cases falling under the jurisdiction of the high court under other Acts.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 12886, Dec. 30, 2014
"Specialized local administrative agency under the control of a state administrative agency prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 6 (4) of the Act means a specialized local administrative agency under the control of the Ministry of Justice and the Supreme Prosecutors' Office (excluding cases where an immediate upper-level administrative agency or a competent supervisory administrative agency is a central administrative agency).
The "heads of agencies under the direct control of the President which are prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 6 (1) 1 of the Administrative Appeals Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Act") means the Chief of Staff of the Office of the President, and the Director of the Office of National Security, the Chief of the Presidential Security Service, and the Broadcasting and Communications Commission. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24418, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 28211, Jul. 26, 2017
"Matters prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 41 of the Act means any of the following matters:
A document which includes the statement of the members made in a meeting of the commission (including the subcommission and the specialized commission)
A list of names of the members who are to participate in a ruling on a case on appeal
Matters prescribed by Ordinance of the Prime Minster, which are deemed likely to impede fairness of review and ruling by the commission, if disclosed, other than those prescribed in subparagraphs 1 and 2.
For the convenience of applicants, administrative agencies shall determine in advance and publish the processing period of dispositions by type.
Where it is difficult to process an application for disposition within a processing period as provided under paragraph (1) due to any unavoidable cause, the administrative agency may extend the period only once and within the span of the processing period for the disposition.
Where an administrative agency extends the processing period provided under paragraph (2), it shall notify without delay the applicant of the grounds for such extension and the expected deadline of processing.
Where an administrative agency fails to process an application within a due processing period, the applicant may request the relevant administrative agency or its supervisory administrative agency to promptly process his or her application.
The period not to be included in the processing period provided under paragraph (1) shall be determined by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11498, Oct. 22, 2012
Where it is impossible to calculate an average wage in accordance with Article 2 (1) 6 of the Act and Articles 2 and 3 of this Decree, such an average wage shall be as determined by the Minister of Employment and Labor. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22269, Jul. 12, 2010
The Minister of Economy and Finance may designate any of the following institutions, which are a legal entity, organization, or institution (hereinafter referred to as "institution") other than the State or a local government, as a public institution: Amended by Act No. 8852, Feb. 29, 2008
An institution directly established pursuant to other Act with an investment by the Government
An institution for which the amount of the Government grants (in cases of an institution to whom some affairs of the Government are directly commissioned, or a monopoly is granted, pursuant to statutes, the revenue earned from its commissioned affairs or monopoly shall be included hereinafter the same shall apply) exceeds one-half of the amount of its total revenue
An institution which the Government holds at least 50/100 of the outstanding shares of, or secures de facto control over decision-making on policies through the exercise, etc. of the power to appoint executive officers with at least 30/100 of such outstanding shares
An institution which the Government together with an institution falling under any of subparagraphs 1 through 3 hold at least 50/100 of the outstanding shares of, or secure de facto control over decision-making on policies through the exercise etc. of the power to appoint executive officers with at least 30/100 of such outstanding shares
An institution which a single institution, or two or more institutions, falling under any of subparagraphs 1 through 4, hold at least 50/100 of the outstanding shares of, or secure de facto control over decision-making on policies through the exercise, etc. of the power to appoint executive officers with at least 30/100 of such outstanding shares
An institution established by an institution falling under any of subparagraphs 1 through 4 with an investment by the State or the establishing institution.
Notwithstanding the provisions of paragraph (1), the Minister of Economy and Finance may not designate any of the following institutions as a public institution: Amended by Act No. 8696, Dec. 14, 2007 Act No. 8852, Feb. 29, 2008
An institution established for the purpose of mutual aid, improvement of welfare, enhancement of rights and interests, or maintenance of order in business transactions between its members
An institution which a local government establishes and is involved in its management
The Korea Broadcasting System established under the Broadcasting Act and the Korea Educational Broadcasting System established under the Korea Educational Broadcasting System Act.
Matters necessary for the criteria and method for calculating the amount of the Government grants and the amount of the total revenue referred to in the provisions of paragraph (1) 2 and the criteria for the secured de facto control referred to in the provisions of subparagraphs 3 through 5 of the said paragraph shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
The Corporation may operate financial resources provided in each subparagraph of Article 24 of the Act (excluding financial resources provided in subparagraph 2 of Article 24 of the Act and the profit reserves provided in Article 30 of the Act) by any of the following means:
Depositing with financial institutions
Purchasing State, public or corporate bonds
Purchasing real estate necessary to perform legal aid projects
Other projects necessary to conduct legal aid projects.
The following financial resources, etc. shall be operated, as stipulated by the internal rules of the Corporation: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24226, Dec. 12, 2012
Cash and other property contributed by persons, other than the Government under subparagraph 2 of Article 24 of the Act
The profit reserves of the Corporation under Article 30 of the Act
The assets, bonds and debts reverting to the Corporation under Article 5 (2) of the Addenda to the Framework Act on Fund Management (Amended by Act No. 6590) and other rights and obligations.
The upper limit of the wages, etc. to be paid by the Minister of Employment and Labor on behalf of an employer pursuant to Article 7 (1) of the Act (hereinafter referred to as "substitute payment") shall be determined by the Minister of Employment and Labor, after consulting with the Minister of Strategy and Finance, depending on the age of each employee as at the time of his or her retirement, taking into account wages, inflation rate, financial status of the Fund, etc. and the details thereof shall be published in the official gazette and at least general daily newspapers registered with nationwide circulation pursuant to Article 9 (1) of the Act on the Promotion of Newspapers, Etc. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25630, Sep. 24, 2014
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22490, Nov. 15, 2010
The Minister of Employment and Labor shall, pursuant to Article 81 (2) of the Act, publish the results of the Fund operations each year in one or more daily newspapers specializing in economy or general daily newspapers whose head office is in the Seoul Metropolitan City area. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22269, Jul. 12, 2010
The Minister of Employment and Labor shall appoint a fund revenue collection officer, a fund treasurer, a fund disbursement officer, and a fund cashier from among public officials under his or her jurisdiction in order to assign them to carry out administrative affairs relating to the revenue and expenditure of the Fund. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22269, Jul. 12, 2010
A fund revenue collector and fund treasurer shall be responsible for affairs relating to contracts for the management and operation of the Fund, revenue-earning activities and expenditure-incurring activities, and the collection of and determination of the fund revenue, while the fund disbursement officer and the fund cashier shall be responsible for the affairs relating to the receipt and disbursement arising from the management and operation of the Fund.
The Minister of Employment and Labor shall, when he or she appoints a fund revenue collection officer, fund treasurer, fund disbursement officer, or fund cashier, inform the Chairperson of the Board of Audit and Inspection and the Governor of the Bank of Korea of his or her appointment. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22269, Jul. 12, 2010
An insured employee shall state his or her severance or employment in an application for child care leave benefits first filed after the day his or her employment is severed or he or she is employed pursuant to Article 70 (3) of the Act. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29913, Jun. 25, 2019
Where an insured employee has received money and valuables, as prescribed in Article 77 of the Act, that amount to the ordinary wage from the relevant business owner during the protective leave prescribed in Article 74 of the Labor Standards Act and the aggregates of the money and valuables accepted from the business owner and the maternity leave benefits, etc. paid under Article 75 of the Act exceeds the ordinary wage as of the first day of the protective leave, the Minister of Employment and Labor shall pay the amount calculated by subtracting the excess amount from the maternity leave benefits, etc.: Provided, That this shall not apply where the insured employee had a raise in her ordinary wage during her protective leave period and thus the business owner paid the difference between the increased ordinary wage and the maternity leave benefits, etc. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22269, Jul. 12, 2010 Presidential Decree No. 23946, Jul. 10, 2012
The protocol of hearings prescribed in Article 101 (4) of the Act shall contain the following matters:
Case number and name
Date and venue for hearing
Names of members present
Name of a party or his or her agent present
Details of hearing
Other necessary matters.
The protocol of hearing referred to in paragraph (1) shall contain the date of preparation, and the Chairperson shall affix his or her signature and seal thereon.
The written application for inspection prescribed in Article 101 (5) of the Act shall be filed.
The terms used in this Act shall be defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 10337, May 31, 2010 Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010 Act No. 11272, Feb. 1, 2012 Act No. 12627, May 20, 2014
The term "vocational skills development training" means training conducted to help workers acquire and improve their abilities to perform their respective work, which are necessary for them to do jobs
The term "vocational skills development project" means any project that involves conducting surveys, research and other activities on vocational skills development training, development of courses and media for vocational skills development training, and vocational skills development
The term "vocational skills development training establishment" means any of the following establishments:
(a) Public occupational training establishments: Establishments formed by the State, local governments, or public organizations prescribed by Presidential Decree (hereinafter referred to as "public organizations") to conduct vocational skills development training after consulting with the Minister of Employment and Labor or obtaining approval therefor from the Minister of Employment and Labor under Article 27
(b) Designated occupational training establishments: Establishments, such as occupational training institutes, technical colleges, etc. founded and established to conduct vocational skills development training and designated by the Minister of Employment and Labor under Article 28
The term "worker" means any person employed by a business owner and any person who intends to seek employment
The term "polytechnic college" means a junior college defined in subparagraph 4 of Article 2 of the Higher Education Act, which is an education and training institution that operates curricula for multi-functional technicians or advanced major courses under Article 40 as a degree course along with vocational training curricula as an annex.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9316, Dec. 31, 2008
Persons eligible for support under Article 5 of the Single-Parent Family Support Act
Persons determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Employment and Labor, as self-employed requiring vocational skills development training
The aged defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Act on Prohibition of Age Discrimination in Employment and Elderly Employment Promotion and the middle-aged defined in subparagraph 2 of the same Article
Severely disabled persons defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Act on the Employment Promotion and Vocational Rehabilitation of Persons with Disabilities
Persons who have rendered distinguished service to the State, their bereaved families, or families under Article 4 of the Act on the Honorable Treatment of and Support for Persons, etc. of Distinguished Service to the State
Persons who have rendered distinguished service to the May 18 Democratization Movement under Article 4 of the Act on the Honorable Treatment of Persons of Distinguished Service to the May 18 Democratization Movement, their bereaved families, or families
Persons who have been registered under Article 6 of the Act on Honorable Treatment of Persons of Distinguished Service during Special Military Missions and Establishment of Related Organizations as persons of distinguished services during special military missions under Article 3 of the same Act, and their bereaved families or families
Discharged soldiers under Article 7 of the Support for Discharged Soldiers Act (including soldiers to be discharged)
Persons who intend to find employment other than agro-fishery business as farmers defined in subparagraph 2 of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Agriculture, Rural Community and Food Industry or fishery business personnel defined in subparagraph 3 of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Fisheries and Fishing Villages Development, and their families
Residents escaping from North Korea defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the North Korean Refugees Protection and Settlement Support Act
Members of multicultural families defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Multicultural Families Support Act
Persons recommended by the Minister of Justice to the Minister of Employment and Labor as those recognized as refugees defined in subparagraph 2 of Article 2 of the Refugee Act and requiring vocational skills development training
Pending graduates as students of schools referred to in Article 2 of the Higher Education Act.
The Minister of Employment and Labor may provide support for the following matters to occupations or regions in which the employment situations have worsened or are feared to worsen drastically due to changes, etc. in domestic or foreign economic conditions: Amended by Act No. 12324, Jan. 21, 2014
Employment adjustment by business owners
Prevention of unemployment of workers
Promotion of re-employment of the unemployed
Other support necessary for employment security and livelihood security for the unemployed.
Matters necessary for the support measures under paragraph (1) shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
The terms used in this Act are defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 13854, Jan. 27, 2016 Act No. 16944, Feb. 4, 2020
The term "foreigner" means an individual with a foreign nationality, a corporation established in accordance with a foreign law (hereinafter referred to as "foreign corporation"), or an international economic cooperative organization prescribed by Presidential Decree
The term "national of the Republic of Korea" means an individual who has the nationality of the Republic of Korea
The term "Korean corporation or enterprise" means a corporation established in accordance with the Acts of the Republic of Korea or a domestic enterprise registered as a business entity
The term "foreign investment" means any of the following:
The term "foreign investor" means a foreigner who holds stocks, etc. or has contributed as prescribed by this Act
The term "foreign-invested company or foreigner-contributed non-profit corporation" means a company in which a foreign investor has invested, or a non-profit corporation to which a foreign investor has contributed
The term "operator of establishments built to improve a foreign-investment environment" means any person who operates establishments prescribed by Presidential Decree, including schools and medical institutions for foreigners, in order to improve a foreign investment environment
The term "object of investment" means any object in which a foreign investor invests in order to hold stocks, etc. under this Act, and which is any of the following:
The term "capital goods" means machinery, apparatus, facilities, equipment, parts, and accessories as industrial facilities (including vessels, motor vehicles, aircraft, etc.), livestock, breeds or seeds, trees, fish and shellfish which are necessary for the development of agriculture, forestry, and fisheries, raw materials and reserve stocks deemed necessary by the competent Minister (referring to the head of the central administrative agency in control of the project concerned hereinafter the same shall apply) for the initial test (including pilot projects) of the facilities concerned, and the fees for transportation and insurance required for the introduction thereof and other know-how or service necessary therefor
Deleted. by Act No. 13854, Jan. 27, 2016
(a) Where a foreigner holds stocks or shares (hereinafter referred to as "stocks, etc.") of a Korean corporation or enterprise (including a Korean corporation in the process of establishment hereafter in this Article the same shall apply), as prescribed by Presidential Decree, by any of the following methods in order to establish a continuous economic relationship with the Korean corporation or enterprise, such as participating in the management of the Korean corporation or enterprise, in accordance with this Act:
(i) Acquisition of stocks, etc. newly issued by the Korean corporation or enterprise
(ii) Acquisition of previously issued stocks or shares (hereinafter referred to as existing stocks, etc.) of the Korean corporation or enterprise
(b) A loan with maturity of not less than five years (based on the loan maturity prescribed in the first loan contract), which is provided to the relevant foreign-invested company by any of the following entities:
(i) The overseas parent company of the foreign-invested company
(ii) A company that has a capital investment relationship prescribed by Presidential Decree with the company prescribed in (i)
(iii) A foreign investor
(iv) A company that has a capital investment relationship prescribed by Presidential Decree with the investor prescribed in (iii)
(c) Where a foreigner contributes to a non-profit corporation pursuant to this Act in order to establish a continuous cooperative relationship with the corporation which satisfies the standards prescribed by Presidential Decree in terms of research personnel, facility, etc. and which is a Korean corporation or enterprise in the field of science and technology
(d) Where a foreign-invested company uses its unappropriated earned surplus for the purposes prescribed by Presidential Decree, such as the creation or extension of its factory facilities (in this case, the foreign-invested company shall be deemed a foreigner under this Act, and the amount of foreign investment shall be the amount calculated by multiplying the amount used and the foreign investment ratio under Article 5 (3))
(e) Other contributions to a non-profit corporation by a foreigner, which the Foreign Investment Committee established under Article 27 (hereinafter referred to as the "Foreign Investment Committee") recognizes as a foreign investment in accordance with the standards prescribed by Presidential Decree regarding the business contents, etc. of the non-profit corporation
(a) A means of international payment as defined under the Foreign Exchange Transactions Act or a means of domestic payment incurred by the exchange of such a means of international payment
(b) Capital goods
(c) Proceeds from the stocks, etc. acquired under this Act
(d) Industrial property rights, intellectual property rights prescribed by Presidential Decree, other technologies corresponding thereto, and rights pertaining to the use of such rights or technologies
(e) Where a foreigner closes his or her own branch company or office in Korea and converts the branch company or office into another domestic corporation, or where a domestic corporation, the stocks of which are held by a foreigner, is dissolved, the residual property to distributed to the foreigner upon liquidation of such branch company, office, or corporation
(f) The amount of redemption of loans referred to in subparagraph 4 (b) or of other loans from foreign countries
(g) Stocks prescribed by Presidential Decree
(h) Real estate located in Korea
(i) Other means of domestic payment prescribed by Presidential Decree
For the purposes of this Act, the provisions of this Act concerning foreigners shall apply to an individual prescribed by Presidential Decree among nationals of the Republic of Korea who holds permanent residency in a foreign country. Amended by Act No. 13854, Jan. 27, 2016
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9374, Jan. 30, 2009
Except as otherwise provided in the statutes of the Republic of Korea, a foreigner may engage in various activities of foreign investment in the Republic of Korea without restraint.
No foreigner shall be restricted from making any foreign investment prescribed in this Act, except in the following circumstances:
Where he or she threatens national security and public order
Where he or she has harmful effects on public health and sanitation or environmental preservation or is against Korean morals and customs
Where he or she violates any statute or regulation of the Republic of Korea.
The categories of businesses in which foreign investment is restricted in accordance with any of the subparagraphs of paragraph (2) and the details of restrictions shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Where the head of a relevant administrative agency restricts foreign investment, such as treating foreigners or foreign-invested companies unfavorably compared to nationals of the Republic of Korea or Korean corporations or enterprises or charging additional liabilities to foreigners or foreign-invested companies, in statutes and regulations other than this Act, public notices, etc., the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy shall combine and publicly announce the details thereof each year, as prescribed by Presidential Decree. Where the head of a relevant administrative agency intends to amend or add any restriction, he or she shall pre-consult with the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 16944, Feb. 4, 2020
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9374, Jan. 30, 2009
Where two or more foreign investors intend to obtain the designation of a zone referred to in paragraph (1) 2 as a foreign investment zone pursuant to the former part other than the subparagraphs of paragraph (1) from the relevant Mayor/Do Governor, the business classification, the zone, etc. in which such foreign investors intends to make an investment shall satisfy the standards prescribed by Presidential Decree.
None of the following persons may enter into an occupancy contract provided for in Article 11 (1): Amended by Act No. 12301, Jan. 21, 2014 Act No. 13856, Jan. 27, 2016
A person under adult guardianship
Deleted by Act No. 13856, Jan. 27, 2016
A person who has been sentenced to imprisonment with labor for violating this Act or the Customs Act and for whom two years have yet to pass from the date on which the execution of the sentence has concluded (including any case where the execution of the sentence is deemed terminated) or is exempted
A person who is under the suspension of the execution after having been sentenced to imprisonment with labor for violating this Act or the Customs Act
A person who has been sentenced to a fine or a notification disposition in accordance with Articles 56, 57, and 59 through 61 of this Act and Articles 269 through 271 or 274 of the Customs Act and for whom two years have yet to pass from the date on which he or she pays the fine and implements the notification disposition: Provided, That any corporation or individual who has been punished in accordance with Article 68 of this Act and Article 279 of the Customs Act shall be excluded
A person who has defaulted in customs or any domestic tax
A corporation that employs any person falling under subparagraph 1 and 3 through 6 as its executive officer (limited to a person in direct charge of managing the business of the relevant corporation in any free trade zones or of overseeing such business)
A person for whom two years have yet to pass from the date on which his or her occupancy contract was terminated in accordance with Article 15 (1) or (2).
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10590, Apr. 14, 2011
The head of a central administrative agency, the Special Metropolitan City Mayor, a Metropolitan City Mayor, the Special Self-Governing City Mayor, or a Do Governor or the Governor of a Special Self-Governing Province (hereinafter referred to as a "Mayor/Do Governor") may request the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy to designate free trade zones, following prior consultation with the heads of the relevant central administrative agencies or the relevant Mayor/Do Governor, as prescribed by Presidential Decree. In such cases, a Mayor/Do Governor may request any administrative authorities of free trade zones pursuant to the categories of subparagraphs of Article 8 (1) to consult with the heads of the relevant central administrative agencies or the relevant Mayors/Do Governors, on behalf of the Mayor/Do Governor, and the administrative authorities of free trade zones in receipt of such request shall comply with such request except in extenuating circumstances. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 13856, Jan. 27, 2016
When the head of a central administrative agency or a Mayor/Do Governor intends to request the designation of any free trade zone under paragraph (1), he or she shall formulate a master plan for such free trade zones that contains matters prescribed by Presidential Decree and submit such master plan to the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
The Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy shall designate a free trade zone after examining the actual circumstances of the area requested to be designated as a free trade zone under paragraph (1), the necessity of such designation and designation requirements provided for in Article 5, and after undergoing consultation with the Minister of Strategy and Finance, the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, and the heads of other relevant central administrative agencies determined by Presidential Decree (hereinafter referred to as "heads of the relevant central administrative agencies" in this Article): Provided, That if the Minister intends to designate the whole or parts of a prospective free trade zone under Article 7 as a free trade zone, the designation of such free trade zone needs not undergo consultation with the heads of the relevant central administrative agencies. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
When the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy has designated any free trade zone in accordance with paragraph (3), he or she shall publish the location, boundary and area of such free trade zone and other matters prescribed by Presidential Decree, and then notify the heads of the relevant central administrative agencies and the relevant Mayor/Do Governor of details of such publication. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Upon receiving the notification referred to in paragraph (4), the Mayor/Do Governor shall make the details of the notification available for public inspection for not less than 14 days.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10590, Apr. 14, 2011
The administrative authority or the head of the relevant local government may deem any foreign-invested enterprise located in any free trade zone as a foreign-invested enterprise located in any foreign-investment zone under Article 18 of the Foreign Investment Promotion Act and reduce or exempt the former's rents in accordance with Article 13 (7) or (9) of the same Act. Amended by Act No. 13856, Jan. 27, 2016
With respect to any foreign-invested enterprise that runs a business involving high technology critical to enhance the international competitiveness of the domestic industry under Article 121-2 (1) 1 of the Restriction of Special Taxation Act, the administrative authority or the head of the relevant local government may reduce or exempt the rents, in addition to the reduction and exemption of rents referred to in paragraph (1).
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10590, Apr. 14, 2011
Every occupant enterprise that is a foreign-invested company may be subject to reductions or exemptions from taxes such as corporate tax, income tax, acquisition tax, registration license tax, property tax, composite land tax, etc., as prescribed by the Restriction of Special Taxation Act.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10590, Apr. 14, 2011
Factories, etc. of every occupant enterprise shall be exempted from traffic-congestion charges provided for in Article 36 of the Urban Traffic Improvement Promotion Act.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10590, Apr. 14, 2011
The terms used in this Act are defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 11474, Jun. 1, 2012 Act No. 12253, Jan. 14, 2014 Act No. 14449, Dec. 20, 2016
The term "factory" means a factory defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Industrial Cluster Development and Factory Establishment Act
The term "knowledge industry" means any industry able to contribute to the creation of high value-added knowledge services through creative intellectual activities based on knowledge in the specialized fields, such as computer software development business, research and development business, and engineering services business
The term "cultural industry" means the cultural industry defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Framework Act on the Promotion of Cultural Industries
The term "information and communications technology industry" means the information and communications technology industry defined in subparagraph 2 of Article 2 of the Information and Communications Technology Industry Promotion Act
The term "recycling industry" means the recycling industry defined in subparagraph 11 of Article 2 of the Act on the Promotion of Saving and Recycling of Resources
The term "resource-stockpiling facilities" means facilities for stockpiling, storing, and supplying energy resources, such as coal, oil, nuclear energy, and natural gas, and facilities related thereto
The term "logistics facilities" means facilities (excluding logistics clusters) defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Act on the Development and Management of Logistics Facilities
7-2. The term "site for industrial facilities" means a site for a factory, knowledge industry-related facilities, cultural industry-related facilities, facilities related to the information and communications technology industry, recycling industry-related facilities, resource-stockpiling facilities, logistics facilities, education and research facilities and for other facilities prescribed by Presidential Decree
7-3. The term "complex site" means a site for fully or partially installing the facilities under subparagraphs 7-2 and 9 (b) through (i)
The term "industrial complex" means a tract of land designated and developed according to a comprehensive plan to collectively install facilities referred to in subparagraph 7-2, and educational, research, business, support, data processing, and distribution facilities related thereto, and residential, cultural, environmental, park and green space, medical, tourist, sports, welfare facilities, etc. to enhance the functions thereof, falling under the following industrial complexes:
(a) A national industrial complex: An industrial complex designated pursuant to Article 6 to promote national key industries, high-tech industries, etc. or to develop underdeveloped areas requiring the promotion of development or areas extending over at least two Special Metropolitan Cities, Metropolitan Cities, Special Self-Governing Cities or Dos as an industrial complex
(b) A general industrial complex: An industrial complex designated pursuant to Article 7 to promote appropriate decentralization of industries and to revitalize the regional economy
(c) An urban high-tech industrial complex: An industrial complex designated pursuant to Article 7-2 in an urban area under the National Land Planning and Utilization Act to foster and promote the development of the knowledge industry, the cultural industry, the information and communications industry, and other high-tech industries
(d) An agricultural and industrial complex: An industrial complex designated pursuant to Article 8 to attract and promote industries for increasing the incomes of farmers and fishermen in rural areas prescribed by Presidential Decree
The term "industrial complex development projects" means the following projects, implemented to create industrial complexes:
(a) A project to create sites for facilities under subparagraph 7-2 and a project to construct such facilities
(b) A project to create sites for educational and research facilities to develop high-tech industries and a project to construct such facilities
(c) A project to create sites for business facilities, data processing facilities, support facilities, exhibition facilities, distribution facilities, etc. to enhance the efficiency of industrial complexes and a project to construct such facilities
(d) A project to create sites for residential facilities, cultural facilities, medical and welfare facilities, sports facilities, educational facilities, tourism and recreation facilities, etc. to enhance the functions of industrial complexes, a project to construct such facilities, and a park creation project
(e) A project to install facilities to supply industrial water and water for daily living
(f) A project to build roads, railroads, ports, tracks, canals, lakes, and reservoirs
(g) A project to create facilities for the supply of and demand for electricity, communications, gas, steam, oil, raw materials, etc.
(h) A project to create sewerage, waste disposal facilities, and a project to create facilities to prevent environmental pollution
(i) Other projects incidental to those referred to in items (a) through (h)
The term "industrial complex renovation project district" (hereinafter referred to as "renovation project district") means a district designated and publicly notified in an industrial complex or industrial area (referring to an industrial area provided for in Article 36 (1) 1 (c) of the National Land Planning and Utilization Act hereinafter the same shall apply) and any area adjacent thereto for revitalizing industrial functions pursuant to Articles 39-2 and 39-3
The term "industrial complex renovation project" (hereinafter referred to as "renovation project") means a project to develop the functions of an industrial site and to expand and improve infrastructure, support facilities, and conveniences in a renovation project district
The term "quasi-industrial complex" means a tract of land and structures designated pursuant to Article 8-3 as land and structures requiring planned management according to a comprehensive plan because the density of individual factories located at a specific area in or around a city exceeds other areas.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11020, Aug. 4, 2011
National industrial complexes shall be designated by the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
If deemed necessary to designate a national industrial complex, the head of a central administrative agency may request the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport to designate a prospective area as a national industrial complex. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
If the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport intends to designate a national industrial complex pursuant to paragraph (1) or (2), he or she shall formulate an industrial complex development plan, hear opinions of the competent Mayor/Do Governor, and consult with the heads of the relevant central administrative agencies. The same shall also apply to any amendment to such development plan. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
The Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport shall designate a national industrial complex after consultation pursuant to paragraph (3) and deliberation thereon by the Deliberation Committee. The same shall also apply where he or she intends to amend any important matter prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
An industrial complex development plan referred to in paragraph (3) shall include the following: Provided, That the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport may designate an industrial complex development project operator (hereinafter referred to as "project operator") referred to in subparagraph 3 or include matters referred to in subparagraph 8 in the industrial complex development plan after he or she designates an industrial complex in inevitable circumstances when formulating the industrial complex development plan: Amended by Act No. 12253, Jan. 14, 2014 Act No. 13509, Sep. 1, 2015
The name, location, and area of the industrial complex
The purposes of designation of the industrial complex
The operator of the industrial complex development project (hereinafter referred to as "project operator")
The method of executing the project
Major types of industries to be invited or types of restricted industries
A land utilization plan and a major infrastructure plan
A financing plan
A detailed list of land, buildings, and other things or rights, if any, to be expropriated or used
Other matters prescribed by Presidential Decree.
Notwithstanding paragraph (5), where necessary to promote creative and efficient development of an industrial complex, the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport may invite the public to propose an industrial complex development plan as prescribed by Presidential Decree and reflect the selected proposal in the industrial complex development project: Provided, That where he or she intends to alter an industrial complex development plan by inviting public participation after designating an industrial complex, he or she may invite public participation jointly with the project operator. Newly Inserted by Act No. 13509, Sep. 1, 2015
Where it is intended to invite public participation pursuant to the main sentence of paragraph (6), matters prescribed in paragraph (5) 3 through 9 may be included in an industrial complex development project after inviting public participation. In such cases, if the applicant whose proposal for the industrial complex development plan is selected meets the qualification requirements prescribed in Article 16 (1), he or she may be designated as a project operator, or part of the complex development project may be outsourced to him or her pursuant to paragraph (3) of the same Article (the same shall also apply where public participation is invited pursuant to the proviso to paragraph (6). Newly Inserted by Act No. 13509, Sep. 1, 2015
The area (including a complex site under subparagraph 7-3 of Article 2 in which the area of industrial facilities occupies at least 50 percent) of a site for industrial facilities in an industrial complex development plan referred to in paragraph (5) shall be at least the percentage prescribed by Presidential Decree within the range from 40 percent to 70 percent of the area of an industrial complex supplied at a cost according to the type of the relevant industrial complex. Amended by Act No. 12253, Jan. 14, 2014
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11020, Aug. 4, 2011
The terms used in this Act shall be defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 15570, Apr. 17, 2018
The term "free economic zone" means a zone developed to improve the business environment for foreign-invested enterprises and living conditions for foreigners and designated and publicly notified in accordance with Article 4
Deleted by Act No. 10529, Apr. 4, 2011
The term "foreigner" means a person who falls under Article 2 (1) 1 of the Foreign Investment Promotion Act
The term "foreign-invested enterprise" means an enterprise provided for in Article 2 (1) 6 of the Foreign Investment Promotion Act
The term "foreign educational institution" means a school (including any branch thereof) established and administered in accordance with foreign statutes or regulations
The term repatriating enterprise means an enterprise selected as eligible for assistance under Article 7 of the Act on Assistance to Korean Off-Shore Enterprises in Repatriation.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9366, Jan. 30, 2009
An area meeting the following requirements shall be designated as a free economic zone:
Compliance with the master plan for free economic zones
Feasibility of securing the demand of Korean or foreign enterprises to move in
Feasibility of securing or connecting to an environment for settlement of foreigners
Feasibility of securing sites and infrastructure necessary for the development of a free economic zone, such as Metropolitan transport networks, information and communications networks, water supply, electricity, etc.
Economic feasibility of the development of a free economic zone
Feasibility of a financing plan, such as financial burden borne by a local government, methods of attracting private capital, etc.
Other requirements prescribed by Presidential Decree, such as securing professionals, possibility of sustainable development, etc.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10529, Apr. 4, 2011
Article 33-2 of the Act on the Honorable Treatment of and Support for Persons, etc. of Distinguished Service to the State, Article 39 of the Act on Support for Persons Eligible for Veteran's Compensation, Article 28 of the Act on the Employment Promotion and Vocational Rehabilitation of Persons with Disabilities, and Article 12 of the Act on Prohibition of Age Discrimination in Employment and Elderly Employment Promotion shall not apply to any foreign-invested enterprise or repatriating enterprise located in a free economic zone. Amended by Act No. 11042, Sep. 15, 2011 Act No. 15570, Apr. 17, 2018
Deleted. by Act No. 10529, Apr. 4, 2011
Articles 7, 8, 12, 18, and 19 of the Seoul Metropolitan Area Readjustment Planning Act shall not apply to any foreign-invested enterprise or repatriating enterprise located in a free economic zone. Amended by Act No. 15570, Apr. 17, 2018
A foreign-invested enterprise or repatriating enterprise located in a free economic zone may provide unpaid leave to its employees, notwithstanding Article 55 of the Labor Standards Act. Amended by Act No. 10529, Apr. 4, 2011 Act No. 15570, Apr. 17, 2018
The Minister of Employment and Labor may, with respect to a foreign-invested enterprise or repatriating enterprise located in a free economic zone, expand the scope of jobs permitted for temporary placement of workers or the period of temporary employment of workers only for specialized types of business which have undergone deliberation and resolution by the Free Economic Zone Committee, notwithstanding Articles 5 and 6 of the Act on the Protection, etc. of Temporary Agency Workers. Amended by Act No. 10339, Jun. 4, 2010 Act No. 15570, Apr. 17, 2018 Act No. 16413, Apr. 30, 2019
The rental period of national and public property for any foreign-invested enterprise or repatriating enterprise located in a free economic zone may be determined within 50 years, notwithstanding Articles 18 (1), 35 (1), and 46 (1) of the State Property Act and Articles 13, 21 (1), and 31 (1) of the Public Property and Commodity Management Act, and permanent facilities may be installed by such enterprise. In such cases, the condition that the relevant facilities be donated, or restored and returned, to the State or the relevant local government at the time of the expiration of their rental period may be attached in consideration of the types, etc. of the facilities. Amended by Act No. 9401, Jan, 30, 2009 Act No. 15570, Apr. 17, 2018
Deleted. by Act No. 10529, Apr. 4, 2011
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9366, Jan. 30, 2009
The terms used in this Act shall be defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 13372, Jun. 22, 2015
The term "enterprise city" means a city developed by private enterprises (limited to juristic persons, but including alternative operators designated pursuant to Article 48 (2)) to be evenly equipped with primary functions, such as industry, research, tourism, leisure and business, and self-sufficient multi-functions, such as housing, education, medical services and culture, with the aim of becoming positioned in industry and boosting economic activities:
(a) through (c) Deleted by Act No. 13372, Jun. 22, 2015
The term "enterprise city development zone" means a zone designated and publicly notified pursuant to Article 5 to execute a project for the development of enterprise cities
The term "enterprise city development project" means a project conducted to create an enterprise city.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10759, May 30, 2011
A person who proposes the designation of a development zone pursuant to Article 4 shall prepare an enterprise city development plan (hereinafter referred to as "development plan") at the time he or she proposes such designation and obtain approval therefor from the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. The same shall also apply to any proposed revision of an approved development plan (excluding any modification of minor matters determined by Presidential Decree). Amended by Act No. 10759, May 30, 2011 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
A development plan shall include the following matters: Provided, That any matter falling under subparagraph 10 may be included in the development plan, upon approval from the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport after the development plan is approved: Amended by Act No. 10759, May 30, 2011 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 11867, Jun. 4, 2013 Act No. 13372, Jun. 22, 2015
Name, location, size, and operator of the development zone
Period of effectiveness of the development project
Plan for population accommodation, land use, transportation management, and environmental conservation
Plan for financing and annual investment plan
Plan for the installation of facilities for education, culture, sports, public health and medical services, and welfare (limited to necessary facilities in the case of an enterprise city designated under Article 6 (2) 3)
Plan for the installation of major infrastructure such as roads and water supply and sewerage systems (including a cost-sharing plan)
Cost-sharing plan for arterial facilities installed outside of the development zone and public convenience facilities installed inside the development zone under Article 8 (2)
Matters concerning the establishment and relocation of business entities or matters concerning facilities relocated to the development zone
Matters concerning the supply and disposition of developed land, land that has not been developed (hereinafter referred to as "undeveloped land") and multi-unit residential buildings
Where it is intended to expropriate or use land, etc. pursuant to Article 14 (1), the detailed lists thereof
Replotting plan for landowners under Article 14-2
Matters concerning the receipt of advance payment referred to in Article 21
Plan for compensation (including relocation measures)
Plan for special regulation under Article 34-2 (limited to where special regulation is intended to be applicable)
Other matters determined by Presidential Decree.
Where the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport intends to approve a development plan or a modification thereto, he or she shall listen to the opinions of the competent Metropolitan City Mayor (excluding cases where the Metropolitan City Mayor is one of the joint proposers) or Do Governor (where the Do Governor is one of the joint proposers, referring to the head of the competent Si/Gun) and undergo consultations with the heads of relevant central administrative agencies and deliberation by the Committee: Provided, That the same shall not apply to cases falling under the main sentence of the proviso to paragraph (2). Amended by Act No. 10759, May 30, 2011 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
The head of a relevant central administrative agency shall submit an opinion within 20 days after receiving a request for consultation under paragraph (3). Newly Inserted by Act No. 14942, Oct. 24, 2017
Where the head of a relevant central administrative agency fails to submit an opinion within the period prescribed in paragraph (4) (referring to the extended period where an answer period is extended pursuant to Article 20 (2) of the Civil Petitions Treatment Act), the consultation is deemed made. Newly Inserted by Act No. 14942, Oct. 24, 2017
Where the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport approves a development plan pursuant to paragraph (1), he or she shall publish such fact in the Official Gazette as prescribed by Presidential Decree: Provided, That in cases falling under the proviso to paragraph (2), he or she shall publish it separately in the Official Gazette after approving the development plan. Amended by Act No. 10759, May 30, 2011 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 14942, Oct. 24, 2017
Where a development plan is published pursuant to paragraph (6), approval, determination, etc. falling under each of the following shall be deemed granted or made on the date of such publication: Provided, That the matter under subparagraph 1 shall apply only where the size of the development zone is not less than the size determined by Presidential Decree: Amended by Act No. 10599, Apr. 14, 2011 Act No. 10759, May 30, 2011 Act No. 13372, Jun. 22, 2015 Act No. 14942, Oct. 24, 2017
Confirmation or approval of the formulation or alteration of a basic urban or Gun plan under Articles 18, 22, and 22-2 of the National Land Planning and Utilization Act (where a development zone is designated in a Special Self-Governing Province or Si/Gun, limited to where a modified draft of the basic urban or Gun plan for areas other than the development zone is prepared and submitted to the relevant Special Self-Governing Province or Si/Gun)
Determination of an urban or Gun management plan under Article 30 of the National Land Planning and Utilization Act to change to an urban area under subparagraph 1 of Article 6 of the same Act
Determination of an urban or Gun management plan under Article 30 of the National Land Planning and Utilization Act to change and cancel fishery-resource protection zones under Article 40 of the same Act
Change or cancellation of agricultural promotion areas or areas for specific use under Article 31 of the Farmland Act, and permission for or consultation on the diversion of farmland under Article 34 of the same Act
Formulation or change of a basic plan for reclamation referred to in Articles 22 and 27 of the Public Waters Management and Reclamation Act.
The Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport may enact and operate urban planning standards applicable to the development of enterprise cities to ensure that the cities serve the public interest. Amended by Act No. 10759, May 30, 2011 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 14942, Oct. 24, 2017
Deleted. by Act No. 12853, Dec. 23, 2014
"Requirements prescribed by Presidential Decree" in subparagraph 7 of Article 5 of the Act means the following matters: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23068, Aug. 5, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 24442, Mar. 23, 2013
To easily secure professional human resources required for a plan for attracting industries under Article 6 (1) 9 of the Act, such as infrastructure for transportation and communications, and living conditions, etc.
To ensure sustainable development that does not waste resources including economy, society, environment, etc. for the future generation, or undermine conditions
To be equipped with professional human resources and organizations in charge of developing the relevant free economic zone and attracting foreign investment
Other matters publicly announced by the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy after undergoing deliberation by the Committee.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21656, Jul. 30, 2009
Registration affairs shall be conducted by a district court in charge of registration affairs, with jurisdiction over the location of a place of business of the party to registration, and the branch court or registry of the district court (hereinafter referred to as "registry").
The Commissioner of the Statistics Korea shall prepare and publicly announce a standard classification concerning industries, occupations, diseases, causes of death, etc. on the basis of international standard classifications so that statistics service agencies may produce statistics according to the same standard. In such cases, the Commissioner of the Statistics Korea shall consult with the head of the relevant agencies in advance.
When the heads of statistics service agencies produce statistics, they shall follow the standard classification prepared and publicly announced by the Commissioner of the Statistics Korea under paragraph (1): Provided, That when they intend to apply a standard different from any of the standard classification due to an unavoidable purpose of producing statistics, they shall obtain prior consent from the Commissioner of the Statistics Korea.
Where it is recognized that the details of standard classification are likely to be transmitted differently from the facts by publishing them after changes, summarization or excerpting, the Commissioner of the Statistics Korea may order the publisher to correct them.
Where the head of a Si/Gun/Gu grants building permission prescribed in Article 11 (1) of the Building Act or receives a report on construction under Article 14 (1) of the same Act, if the details thereof include a matter falling under any subparagraph of paragraph (1) , he or she shall consult with the head of the relevant administrative agency.
The definitions of terms used in this Act shall be as follows: Amended by Act No. 10252, Apr. 12, 2010 Act No. 10964, Jul. 25, 2011 Act No. 12292, Jan. 21, 2014 Act No. 16799, Dec. 10, 2019
The term "factory" means a place of business prescribed by Presidential Decree for conducting manufacturing business prescribed by Presidential Decree, equipped with buildings or structures, manufacturing facilities, such as machinery or equipment which constitutes manufacturing processes, and their ancillary facilities (hereinafter referred to as "manufacturing facilities, etc.")
through 4. Deleted by Act No. 10252, Apr. 12, 2010
The term "host area" means an area designated and publicly announced pursuant to Article 23 to establish an industrial complex necessary for implementing national policies, such as promoting relocation of factories to provinces
The term "industrial clustering" means forming a cluster that creates synergy through mutual links by concentrating companies, research institutes, universities and corporate-support facilities in a specific area
The term "knowledge-based industrial cluster zone" means a zone designated and publicly announced pursuant to Article 22 to promote the cluster of knowledge-based industries
The term "knowledge-based industries" means highly knowledge-intensive industries prescribed by Presidential Decree
8-2. The term "university-industry collaboration zone" means an area designated and publicly announced pursuant to Article 22-4 to agglomerate universities and research institutes which can provide education and conduct research and development activities according to the demand of companies
The term "industrial cluster infrastructure" means facilities to facilitate industrial clustering, such as research and development facilities, corporate-support facilities, educational and training facilities for technical human resources, and distribution facilities
The term "industrial infrastructure" means basic facilities necessary for production activities of enterprises, such as water supply facilities, traffic and communications facilities, energy facilities, and distribution facilities
The term "industrial complex structure improvement project" means a project to actively attract enterprises, etc. and to enhance the competitiveness of occupant enterprises by switching the industry type of occupant enterprises in the industrial complex to high value-added one, strengthening corporate-support services, maintaining, repairing, improving and expanding the industrial cluster infrastructure, industrial infrastructure, public facilities in industrial complexes (limited to public facilities prescribed by Presidential Decree hereinafter referred to as "public facilities"), etc., and conducting other relevant business
The term "competitiveness strengthening projects for industrial clusters" means a project to strengthen the competitiveness of an area where enterprises, universities, research institutes and support institutions defined in subparagraph 19 are clustered at an industrial complex to exchange and connect knowledge, information, technology, etc. and mutually cooperate (hereinafter referred to as "industrial clusters")
The term "knowledge industry center" means a multi-story complex prescribed by Presidential Decree which can be occupied by multiple persons engaged in a manufacturing business, knowledge business, information and communications business and support facilities
The term "industrial complex" means a national industrial complex, general industrial complex, urban high-tech industrial complex or agro-industrial complex designated and developed pursuant to Articles 6, 7, 7-2 and 8 of the Industrial Sites and Development Act
The term "management of industrial complex" means any of the following affairs, which are prescribed by Presidential Decree:
(a) Sale, lease, and ex post facto management of sites and facilities in an industrial complex
(b) Installation, maintenance, repair and improvement of infrastructure prescribed by Presidential Decree in an industrial complex
(c) Support for business activities of occupant enterprises and support institutions
The term "authorized administrator" means a person who has the authority to manage an industrial complex pursuant to Article 30 (1)
The term "management agency" means a person who manages an industrial complex pursuant to Article 30 (2)
The term "occupant enterprise" means an enterprise qualified under Presidential Decree, which has entered into an occupancy agreement pursuant to Article 38 (1) or (3), among those who intend to operate manufacturing business, knowledge business, information and communications business, resource storage business and other business prescribed by Presidential Decree in an industrial complex
The term "support institution" means a person qualified under Presidential Decree which has concluded an occupancy agreement pursuant to Article 38 (3), among those who intend to engage in financial business, insurance business, medical business, educational business, and other business prescribed by Presidential Decree necessary to assist occupant enterprises in an industrial complex
The term "establishment of a factory" means constructing or expanding a factory
The term "construction of a factory" means constructing a new building (including construction of a structure) or installing manufacturing facilities, etc. by changing the use of the existing building to that of a factory
The term "enlargement of a factory" means enlarging a building area or the site area of a factory registered pursuant to Article 16 (1).
The term "change in industry types" means switching the industry type of a factory the establishment, etc. of which has been approved under Article 13 or a factory registered under Article 16 to another industry type (referring to an industry type determined based on the standards on factory sites under Article 8) or adding another industry type to the existing type of the factory.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9426, Feb. 6, 2009
Upon receipt of a report on the completion of the establishment of a factory, etc. under Article 15, the head of a Si/Gun/Gu or a management agency shall register the factory in a factory registration ledger, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
The owner or occupant of a factory subject to approval for the establishment of a factory, etc. pursuant to Article 13 (1) or not subject to approval pursuant to Article 20 (2) may file for registration of his or her factory under paragraph (1), as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Where a person who has obtained approval for the establishment of a factory, etc. under Article 13 (1) intends to partially operate a factory before the construction thereof is completed, he or she shall file for registration of the factory, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Any person who has revised any matter prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy among matters recorded in the factory registration ledger under paragraphs (1) through (3) shall file for registration of revision with the head of a Si/Gun/Gu within two months from the date of the revision: Provided, That where an occupant enterprise applies for change of an occupancy agreement pursuant to Article 38 (2) after having completed the factory establishment, etc. it shall be deemed to have applied for registration of revision. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Where a management agency registers a factory in the factory registration ledger under paragraphs (1) through (3) or records the revisions to registered matters under paragraph (4), it shall notify the head of a Si/Gun/Gu of such fact.
When the head of a Si/Gun/Gu registers a person who has completed the factory establishment, etc. in accordance with paragraphs (1) through (3), with respect to matters over which he or she has consulted with the head of the relevant administrative agency regarding the following registration, reporting, and permission (hereafter referred to as "registration, etc." in this Article) pursuant to paragraph (9), the following registration, etc. shall be deemed to have been completed: Amended by Act No. 9449, Feb. 6, 2009 Act No. 9626, Apr. 22, 2009 Act No. 10154, Mar 22, 2010 Act No. 10310, May 25, 2010 Act No. 11862, Jun. 4, 2013 Act No. 12694, May 28, 2014 Act No. 16272, Jan. 15, 2019
Reporting on a printing company under Article 12 (1) of the Print Culture Industry Promotion Act
Registration of grain processing business under Article 19 (1) of the Grain Management Act
Reporting on ginseng manufacturing business under Article 12 of the Ginseng Industry Act
Registration of feed manufacturing business under Article 8 of the Control of Livestock and Fish Feed Act
Registration of fertilizer production business under Article 11 (1) of the Fertilizer Control Act
Permission to engage in butchery business and livestock product processing business or under Article 22 (1) of the Livestock Products Sanitary Control Act
Registration to engage in the business of manufacturing measuring instruments, the business of repairing measuring instruments, or the business of measurement and certification under Article 7 of the Measures Act
Permission to manufacture substances under Article 118 (1) of the Occupational Safety and Health Act
Permission to engage in the business of handling toxic chemicals under Article 28 of the Chemicals Control Act
Reporting on recycling of livestock excreta under Article 27 (1) of the Act on the Management and Use of Livestock Excreta
Permission to engage in drinking spring water manufacturing business, registration of water-treatment chemicals manufacturing business and reporting on water purifier manufacturing business under Article 21 of the Drinking Water Management Act
Permission for and reporting on food or food additive manufacturing and processing business, apparatus, container or package manufacturing business under Article 37 of the Food Sanitation Act
Permission to engage in the business of manufacturing functional health foods under Article 5 of the Health Functional Foods Act
Notification of the establishment of business of manufacturing artificial limbs and auxiliary equipment under Article 69 (1) of the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities
Registration of aggregate extraction business under Article 14 (1) of the Aggregate Extraction Act
Reporting on construction machinery repair business under Article 21 (1) of the Construction Machinery Management Act
Registration of automobile dismantling and recycling business under Article 53 (1) of the Motor Vehicle Management Act
Registration of and reporting on marine products processing business under Article 59 of the Fisheries Act
Permission to engage in speculative machine manufacturing business under Article 13 (1) of the Act on Special Cases concerning Regulation and Punishment of Speculative Acts, Etc.
When the head of a Si/Gun/Gu registers revision pursuant to paragraph (4), matters over which he or she has consulted with the head of the relevant administrative agency regarding the following permission for revision, reporting on revision, or reporting on succession to status (hereinafter referred to in this Article as "permission for revision, etc.") pursuant to paragraph (9) shall be deemed to have been permitted for relevant revision, etc.: Amended by Act No. 9770, Jun. 9, 2009 Act No. 13089, Jan. 28, 2015 Act No. 14532, Jan. 17, 2017
Authorization for, or reporting on, revision to a plan for installing private electric facilities under Article 62 (1) and (2) of the Electric Utility Act
Permission to change a factory, etc. under Article 6 (1) of the Act on the Safety Control of Hazardous Substances, and reporting on succession to status under Article 10 (3) of the same Act
Approval for, or reporting on, revision to the installation of waste disposal facilities under Article 29 (3) of the Wastes Control Act, and reporting on succession to status under Article 33 (2) of the same Act
Reporting on the installation or change of private sewage treatment facilities under Articles 34 (2) of the Sewerage Act
Permission for, or reporting on, revision to a plan for installing discharge and ventilation facilities under Article 23 (2) and (3) of the Clean Air Conservation Act, Article 33 (2) and (3) of the Water Environment Conservation Act and Article 8 (2) of the Noise and Vibration Control Act
Reporting on revision under Article 12 (1) of the Soil Environment Conservation Act
Permission for revision to a plan for installing liquefied petroleum gas storage facilities under Article 8 (1) of the Safety Control and Business of Liquefied Petroleum Gas Act, and reporting on succession to status under Article 12 (3) of the same Act
Permission for revision to a plan for installing high-pressure gas storage facilities under Article 4 (3) of the High-Pressure Gas Safety Control Act.
A person who intends to be deemed to have obtained registration, etc. referred to in paragraph (6) or permission for revision, etc. referred to in paragraph (7) shall submit related documents prescribed by the relevant statutes when he or she reports the completion of the establishment of the relevant factory, etc. or files for registration of revision thereto.
When the head of a Si/Gun/Gu registers a factory pursuant to paragraphs (1) through (3) or registers a revision pursuant to paragraph (4), if the details thereof include a matter falling under any of the subparagraphs of paragraph (6) or the subparagraphs of paragraph (7), he or she shall consult with the head of the relevant administrative agency.
The head of a relevant administrative agency shall submit his or her opinion within 10 days of receipt of a request for consultation under paragraph (9) (where the answer period prescribed by statutes or regulations which prescribe matters falling under the authority of the head of the relevant administrative agency exceeds 10 days, referring to that period). Newly Inserted by Act No. 16799, Dec. 10, 2019
Where the head of a relevant administrative agency fails to submit his or her opinion within the period prescribed in paragraph (10) (where the answer period has been extended under Article 20 (2) of the Civil Petitions Treatment Act, referring to that extended period), the consultation shall be deemed concluded. Newly Inserted by Act No. 16799, Dec. 10, 2019
Procedures for registration of a factory, the scope of application under paragraphs (1) through (5) and (9), and other necessary matters shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 16799, Dec. 10, 2019
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9426, Feb. 6, 2009
Any person who intends to build, re-build, enlarge, or alter a private road shall obtain a permit from the Mayor of a Special Self-governing City, the Governor of a Special Self-governing Province, or the head of a Si/Gun/Gu (the head of a Gu means the head of an autonomous Gu hereinafter referred to as "head of a Si/Gun/Gu"), whoever is relevant.
Any person who intends to obtain a permit under paragraph (1) shall submit an application for such permit to the head of the relevant Si/Gun/Gu along with the documents prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Except in the following cases, the head of a Si/Gun/Gu shall grant a permit under paragraph (1):
Where the relevant private road fails to meet any of the standards referred to in Article 5
Where the applicant does not have the right to own or use the relevant land
Where the relevant private road would violate any restriction placed thereon under this Act or other Acts or subordinate statutes
Where the building, re-building, enlargement, or alteration of the relevant private road is anticipated to seriously affect the residential environment, such as privacy of residents living around the road, or to cause danger to pedestrians.
When the head of a Si/Gun/Gu has granted a permit under paragraph (1), he or she shall announce such permit in the Official Gazette without delay and record and keep details thereof in the private roads management register, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Matters necessary for granting permits, in addition to the matters provided for in paragraphs (1) through (4), shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11584, Dec. 18, 2012
"International economic cooperative organization prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 2 (1) 1 of the Foreign Investment Promotion Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Act") means:
An agency that conducts foreign economic cooperation affairs on behalf of a foreign government
An international organization that deals with affairs concerning development finance, such as the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, the International Financial Corporation, and the Asia Development Bank
An international organization that deals with affairs concerning foreign investment, whether for itself or others.
"Foreign investment" under Article 2 (1) 4 (a) of the Act refers to any of the following and the investment amount is at least 100 million won: Provided, That where a business fails to meet the requirements of the main clause of this paragraph due to partial transfer of stocks or shares (hereinafter referred to as "stocks, etc.") or capital reduction, etc. after it has been registered as a foreign-invested company under Article 21 (1) and (2) of the Act, it shall be also deemed a foreign investment: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22426, Oct. 5, 2010 Presidential Decree No. 27406, Jul. 28, 2016
Where a foreigner owns at least 10/100 of either the total number of voting stocks issued by a Korean corporation (including a corporation in the process of establishment hereinafter the same shall apply) or a company run by a national of the Republic of Korea, or its total equity investment
Where a foreigner who owns stocks, etc. of a Korean corporation or a company run by a national of the Republic of Korea dispatches or appoints an executive officer (referring to a director, a representative director, a managing general partner, an auditor, or a person in a similar position, who has the authority to participate in decision-making for important management matters hereinafter the same shall apply) to or at such corporation or company.
"Investment amount" in the main clause of paragraph (2) means the acquisition price of stocks, etc. (including where a foreign investor owns stocks as a foreign-invested company capitalizes the earned surplus reserve under Article 458 of the Commercial Act, pursuant to Article 461 of the same Act) and, where two or more foreigners make a joint investment, it means an amount invested by each person. In such cases, if a decrease in the amount of stocks, etc. held by a foreign investor is made due to capital reduction without any refund of the foreign-invested company, the investment amount at the time of acquisition of stocks, etc. shall be deemed to remain unchanged. Newly Inserted by Presidential Decree No. 22426, Oct. 5, 2010 Presidential Decree No. 26803, Dec. 30, 2015
"Company that has a capital investment relationship prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 2 (1) 4 (b) (ii) of the Act means:
A company that holds at least 50/100 of the total number of issued stocks, or of the total equity investment of, its overseas parent company
A foreign-invested company that holds at least 50/100 of the total number of issued stocks, or of the total equity investment of which, is held by its overseas parent company, and which is either of the following:
(a) Company that holds at least 10/100 of the total number of issued stocks, or of the total equity investment of, its overseas parent company
(b) Company, at least 50/100 of the total number of issued stocks, or of the total equity investment of which, is held by its overseas parent company or a company referred to in subparagraph 1.
"Company that has a capital investment relationship prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 2 (1) 4 (b) (iv) of the Act means a company, at least 50/100 of the total number of issued stocks, or of the total equity investment of which, is held by a foreign investor who holds at least 50/100 of the total number of issued stocks, or of the total equity investment of a foreign-invested company.
"Standards prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 2 (1) 4 (c) of the Act means where a foreigner contributes at least 50 million won, accounting for at least 10/100 of the total amount of contributions to a nonprofit corporation that meets all of the following requirements: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24585, Jun. 11, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 27406, Jul. 28, 2016
It shall have an independent research facility
It shall meet either of the following requirements:
(a) At least five regular workers defined under Article 11 of the Labor Standards Act (hereinafter referred to as regular worker) with a bachelor's degrees in the fields of science and technology and at least three years research career, or with a master's or higher degree in the fields of science and technology
(b) Engaging in research and development activities in the fields of natural science or engineering pursuant to the Korean Standard Industrial Classification prepared and publicly notified by the Commissioner of the Statistics Korea under Article 22 of the Statistics Act (hereinafter referred to as Korean Standard Industrial Classification).
"Standards prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 2 (1) 4 (d) of the Act means where a foreigner contributes at least 50 million won, accounting for at least 10/100 of the total amount of contributions to a nonprofit corporation that is either of the following: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 27406, Jul. 28, 2016
Nonprofit corporation that has been established with the purposes of promotion, etc. of science, art, medical services, or education, and continuously performs projects for developing experts in the relevant fields and for expanding international exchanges
Local headquarters of an international organization performing international cooperation projects between civilians or governments.
"Establishments prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 2 (1) 7 of the Act means: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24442, Mar. 23, 2013
A foreigners' school established under Article 60-2 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act
A general hospital, hospital, dental hospital, oriental medical hospital, intermediate care hospital, medical clinic, dental clinic, oriental medical clinic, and midwifery clinic referred to in Article 3 (2) of the Medical Service Act
A pharmacy defined under subparagraph 3 of Article 2 of the Pharmaceutical Affairs Act
Detached housing and multi-family housing referred to in subparagraphs 1 and 2 of attached Table 1 of the Enforcement Decree of the Building Act
Other facilities determined and publicly notified by the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy following deliberation by the Foreign Investment Committee (hereinafter referred to as the "Foreign Investment Committee") established under Article 27 of the Act, such as a business incubation center for foreign investors.
"Intellectual property rights prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 2 (1) 8 (d) of the Act means any rights used in the industrial activities among copyrights registered under the Copyright Act and the layout-design rights defined under subparagraph 5 of Article 2 of the Act on the Layout-Designs of Semiconductor Integrated Circuits.
"Stocks prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 2 (1) 8 (g) of the Act means the following:
Stocks of foreign corporations listed on foreign securities markets
Stocks owned by foreigners under the Act or the Foreign Exchange Transactions Act.
"Means of domestic payment prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 2 (1) 8 (i) of the Act means proceeds from the sale of stocks, etc. and real estate of a Korean corporation or a company run by a national of the Republic of Korea, held by a foreigner pursuant to the Act and the Foreign Exchange Transactions Act.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21657, Jul. 30, 2009
When any goods which are required to carry the country of origin labels in accordance with statutes fall under any of the following subparagraphs, the head of a customs office may not permit such goods to undergo customs clearance: Provided, That if a violation is insignificant, the head of the customs office may permit the goods in question to undergo the customs clearance procedure after having such insignificant violation supplemented or corrected:
Where the country of origin is labeled in a manner not in compliance with standards and methods prescribed by statutes
Where the country of origin is falsely labeled in an illegal manner
Where no country of origin is labeled.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10424, Dec. 30, 2010
Any postal items mailed out to any foreign country through the postal service office shall be deemed legally exported or returned in accordance with this Act.
A person who intends to ship goods on which an import declaration has been filed out of a place where such goods are stored prior to acceptance of such declaration by the head of a customs office under Article 248 shall offer security equivalent to a duty payable thereon and obtain approval therefor from the head of the customs office: Provided, That the provision of security may be omitted if the Government or a local government imports goods, or for goods prescribed by Presidential Decree as no provision of security is deemed to cause any impediment to the payment of duties.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10424, Dec. 30, 2010
The scope of civil petitions to be handled directly, and the handling period, as prescribed in Article 17 (2) and (5) of the Act, shall be as specified in attached Table 3. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21657, Jul. 30, 2009
The handling period for civil petitions to be handled in bulk and civil petitions to be individually handled as prescribed in Article 17 (5) of the Act shall be as follows: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21657, Jul. 30, 2009
For civil petitions to be handled in bulk: the period specified in attached Table 4: Provided, That where civil petitions concerning permission, etc. on the right column of attached Table 1 of the Act are individually received, the handling period under the relevant statutes and regulations
For the civil petitions to be handled individually: the handling period under the relevant statutes and regulations.
Where the head of a civil affairs administrative agency, having received civil petitions to be handled in bulk, has requested consultation with the head of a relevant agency in accordance with Article 17 (4) of the Act, the head of the relevant agency shall submit his or her opinions to the head of the civil affairs administrative agency by the day preceding the date on which such handling period as specified in attached Table 4 expires (where the handling period as specified in attached Table 4 exceeds seven days, by two days before the last day of the handling period). Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21657, Jul. 30, 2009
The record date for calculating the handling period under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be the day of the receipt of the civil petition concerned by the head of the civil affairs administrative agency or the dispatched officer concerned. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21657, Jul. 30, 2009
"Permission, etc. as prescribed by Presidential Decree" in subparagraph 13 of attached Table 2 of the Act means such business matters of civil petitions as specified in attached Table 5. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21657, Jul. 30, 2009
Where the head of a civil affairs administrative agency or a dispatched officer makes notification of his or her refusal to grant permission in accordance with the latter part of Article 17 (5) of the Act, he or she shall explicitly indicate the reasons and the legal foundations for the refusal. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21657, Jul. 30, 2009
"Period prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the forepart of Article 17 (7) of the Act means three days. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21657, Jul. 30, 2009
Where the head of a civil affairs administrative agency grants permission with conditions attached in accordance with Article 17 (10) of the Act, he or she shall attach a condition that insufficient points be supplemented by the time as prescribed by one of the following subparagraphs: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21657, Jul. 30, 2009
For permission. etc. prescribed in subparagraph 1 or 2 of attached Table 1 of the Act: the time of the application for construction permission (where construction permission is considered to have been granted, the time of the report on the commencement of construction)
For permission. etc. prescribed in subparagraph 3 of attached Table 1 of the Act: the time of the report on the commencement of construction
For permission. etc. prescribed in subparagraph 4 of attached Table 1 of the Act: the time of the report on the commencement of operations
For permission. etc. prescribed in subparagraph 5 of attached Table 1 of the Act: the time of the registration into the building ledger.
Where the person who receives permission, etc. with conditions attached in accordance with Article 17 (10) of the Act files an application for permission, etc. under any of subparagraphs of paragraph (8), he or she shall submit to the head of the civil affairs administrative agency a written confirmation that he or she has fully implemented the aforementioned conditions. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21657, Jul. 30, 2009
Deleted. by Presidential Decree No. 18222, Jan. 13, 2004
Where a reasonable and objective ground is deemed to exist for not being able to properly handle civil petitions within the handling period prescribed in paragraph (1) or (2), the head of a civil affairs administrative agency may extend the handling period only once. In such cases, the head of the civil affairs administrative agency concerned shall determine an additional period to be extended by estimating the necessary time for the proper handling, and notify the applicant for the permission, etc. concerned (where the application for permission has been filed vicariously by the Investment Support Center, the head of the Investment Support Center) of the extended handling period and the reasons for the extension of the handling period, and where the head of the Investment Support Center has received the notification, he or she shall, without delay, notify the original applicant for the permission, etc. concerned of the details of said notification. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21657, Jul. 30, 2009
Where supplement or correction is deemed to be necessary with respect to the contents of the application for the handling of civil petitions to be handled in bulk, civil petitions to be individually handled, or civil petitions to be directly handled as prescribed in Article 17 of the Act, the head of a civil affairs administrative agency or a dispatched officer may determine the period for the supplementation or correction and request the person concerned to supplement or correct them within such period. In such cases, the period consumed for such supplementation or correction shall not be included in the handling period as prescribed in paragraphs (1) and (2). Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21657, Jul. 30, 2009
Except as provided for in the Act or this Decree, the handling of civil petitions which are concerned with foreign investment shall be governed by the Civil Petitions Treatment Act. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21657, Jul. 30, 2009
The term of school years for high schools shall be three years: Provided, That the term of school years for part-time or correspondence systems under Article 49 shall be four years.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11384, Mar. 21, 2012
The following schools shall be established to provide higher education:
Universities and colleges
Industrial colleges
Teachers' colleges
Junior colleges
Air colleges, correspondence colleges, air and correspondence colleges and cyber colleges (hereinafter referred to as "cyber colleges")
Technical colleges
Various kinds of schools.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10866, Jul. 21, 2011
Persons eligible for taking associate degree courses of technical colleges are those who have worked for any enterprise for at least the period prescribed by Presidential Decree among those who have graduated from high schools or those who have been recognized as having equivalent or higher academic background under statutes.
Persons eligible for taking bachelor's degree courses of technical colleges shall be those who have worked for any enterprise for at least the period prescribed by Presidential Decree among those who have graduated from junior colleges or those who have been recognized as having equivalent or higher academic background under statutes.
Technical colleges shall select students from among those holding qualifications referred to in paragraphs (1) and (2) but the methods of selecting them shall be determined by school regulations, as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10866, Jul. 21, 2011
Matters regarding the maximum student number for each university and college (including industrial colleges, teachers' colleges, junior colleges, cyber colleges, technical colleges, and various other kinds of schools) shall be determined by school regulations within the scope prescribed by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10866, Jul. 21, 2011
"Period prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 57 (1) and (2) of the Act means six months, respectively. Amended by Act No. 29369, Dec. 18, 2018
The period referred to in paragraph (1) shall include the period during which any vocational educatee and trainee under subparagraph 3 of Article 2 of the Vocational Education and Training Promotion Act has received on-the-job training pursuant to the main sentence of Article 7 of the same Act. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 18752, Mar. 25, 2005 Presidential Decree No. 22368, Sep. 1, 2010
The semesters under Article 20 (2) of the Act shall be determined to be two or more semesters in each school year.
If necessary for education, the semesters referred to in paragraph (1) may be otherwise determined for respective majors, school years, or degree courses.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28014, May 8, 2017
The Minister of Strategy and Finance may require a resident or non-resident who intends to export or import any means of payment or securities to file a report as prescribed by Presidential Decree when he or she exports or imports such means of payment or securities where such report is deemed necessary to ensure effectiveness of this Act, and is prescribed by Presidential Decree to ensure the effectiveness of this Act,
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9351, Jan. 30, 2009
"Where the Minister of Employment and Labor acknowledges that the employer is unable to pay overdue wages, etc. according to the requirements and procedures prescribed under Presidential Decree" in Article 7 (1) 3 of the Act means cases where an employee who has retired without receiving wages, etc. from his or her employer files an application and the Minister of Employment and Labor acknowledges that the relevant employer is unable to pay overdue wages, etc. (hereinafter referred to as "acknowledgment of a fact of bankruptcy, etc.) by falling under all of the following requirements: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25630, Sep. 24, 2014
The number of regularly employed employees calculated in the manner specified in attached Table 1 (hereinafter referred to as "number of regular workforce") shall not exceed 300 persons
The business shall have been closed or in the process of closing due to any of the following reasons:
The employer shall be unable to pay wages, etc. or it is obviously difficult for him or her to pay wages, etc. due to any of the following reasons:
(a) Where the main business facility is seized or provisionally seized or transferred to repay debts in the state that the production or business activities of the relevant business have been suspended (including cases where an auction under the Civil Execution Act is in progress)
(b) Where the license, permit, registration, etc. for the relevant business is revoked or canceled
(c) The main production or sales activities of the relevant business have been discontinued for at least one month
(a) Where the whereabouts of the employer is unknown for at least one month as of the date of acknowledging the fact of bankruptcy, etc.
(b) Where it is deemed to take at least three months from the date of filing an application for acknowledgment of the fact of bankruptcy, etc. to realize or recover the employer's property
(c) Where the employer (limited to the employer of business whose regular workforce is less than ten) fails to pay wages, etc. to an employee who has applied for the acknowledgment of the fact of bankruptcy, etc. within three months from the day following the date set for the settlement of payment under Article 36 of the Labor Standards Act.
An application for acknowledgment of a fact of bankruptcy, etc. under paragraph (1) shall be filed within one year from the day following the date of retirement from the relevant business.
Matters necessary for filing an application for acknowledgment of a fact of bankruptcy, etc. under paragraph (2) shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Employment and Labor.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 22490, Nov. 15, 2010
Objects subject to quarantine for exportation and importation shall be any of the following objects prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs (hereinafter referred to as "designated objects subject to quarantine"): Amended by Act No. 10427, Jan. 24, 2011 Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar, 23, 2013
Animals and their carcasses
Products taken from animals, such as bones, flesh, skin, eggs, hair, hooves and horns, and their containers or packaging
Livestock feed, ingredients of livestock feed, instruments, hay, bedstraw, or other objects similar thereto at risk of spreading the pathogens of contagious animal diseases.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10244, Apr. 12, 2010
The terms used in this Act shall be defined as follows: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 13353, Jun. 22, 2015 Act No. 14641, Mar. 21, 2017 Act No. 16115, Dec. 31, 2018
The term "livestock" means cattle, horses, donkeys, mules, sheep or goats (including milk goats), deer, pigs, chickens, ducks, turkeys, geese, dogs, rabbits, honeybees, and other animals prescribed by Presidential Decree
The term "contagious animal disease" means any of the following contagious animal diseases Type I, Type II, and Type III:
(a) Contagious animal diseases Type I: Rinderpest, bovine pleuropneumonia, foot-and-mouth disease, pseudo-rinderpest, bluetongue, Rift Valley fever, lumpy skin disease, sheep pox, vesicular stomatitis, African equine sickness, African swine fever, swine fever, swine vesicular disease, Newcastle disease, highly pathogenic avian influenza, and other contagious animal diseases prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs as corresponding thereto
(b) Contagious animal diseases Type II: Anthrax, blackleg, brucellosis, tuberculosis, Johne's disease, bovine spongiform encephalopathy, Q fever, Aujeszky's disease in swine, Japanese encephalitis in swine, Teschen disease, Scrapie, glanders, equine infectious anemia, equine viral arteritis, dourine, contagious equine metritis, eastern equine encephalitis, western equine encephalitis, Venezuelan equine encephalitis, pullorum disease, fowl typhoid, fowl cholera, rabies, chronic wasting disease of deer, and other contagious animal diseases prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs as corresponding thereto
(c) Contagious animal diseases Type III: Bovine ephemeral fever, bovine akabane disease, fowl mycoplasmosis, low pathogenic avian influenza, foulbrood, and other contagious animal diseases prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs as corresponding thereto
The term "place of quarantine" means a location where quarantine is conducted on the designated objects subject to quarantine pursuant to Article 31
The term "immunotherapy" means processing blood, internal organs, excreta, etc. harvested from livestock on a farm and administering the processed matter to the livestock on the farm for the purpose of preventing or treating specific contagious animal diseases
The term "diagnostic test" means confirming whether dead or disease-suspected livestock have been infected with any contagious animal disease, using such methods as clinical examination, pathological examination, and serum tests
The term "specified risk material" means the tissue of cattle referred to in the following items from a country affected by bovine spongiform encephalopathy:
(a) Amygdala and distal ileum from cattle of all ages
(b) Brain, eye, spinal cord, skull, or vertebral column from cattle older than 30 months
(c) Materials separately designated and publicly notified by the Minister of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs by taking into consideration the situations of bovine spongiform encephalopathy outbreaks by country, the people's eating habits, etc.
The term "specific vector for a contagious animal disease" means a vector prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs among vectors that transmit or are highly likely to transmit contagious animal diseases
The term "contagious animal disease and sanitary control business means business sterilizing for the prevention of contagious animal diseases or controling pests for the production of safe livestock products.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10244, Apr. 12, 2010
Where a quarantine officer deems that the objects are not likely to spread pathogens that cause a contagious animal disease based on the results of quarantine pursuant to Article 36 or 39, he or she shall issue a certificate of quarantine or put a brand or other marking on the designated objects subject to quarantine, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Agriculture, Food and Rural Affairs: Provided, That where he or she has quarantined pursuant to Article 36 (2), he or she shall issue a certificate of quarantine or put a marking only when he or she has been requested to do so. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 10244, Apr. 12, 2010
Where the Mayor/Do Governor or the head of a Si/Gun/Gu establishes a public service center for the establishment of factories pursuant to Article 19 (1) of the Act, he or she shall assign a staff member to be exclusively in charge of affairs of industrial sites to such public service center.
The Mayor/Do Governor or the head of a Si/Gun/Gu shall determine matters necessary for establishing and operating a public service center for the establishment of a factory and procedures for handling civil petitions as rules, pursuant to Article 19 (5) of the Act. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24798, Oct. 16, 2013
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 21665, Aug. 5, 2009
Where urban/Gun planning facilities for part of at least one parcels have been determined and publicly announced: The part of the land in relation to which such determination and public notice is made
Where permission for diverting the use of farmland is granted under Article 34 of the Farmland Act for part of at least one parcels: The part of the land in relation to which such permission is granted
Where permission for diverting the use of mountainous districts is granted under the Mountainous Districts Management Act for part of at least one parcel: The part of the land in relation to which such permission is granted
Where permission to engage in development activities is granted under Article 56 of the National Land Planning and Utilization Act for part of at least one parcels: The part of the land in relation to which such permission is granted
Where building permission is granted on condition that a parcel is partitioned, as at the time an application for approval for use is filed under Article 22 of the Act: The part of the land to be partitioned.
Except as otherwise provided in other statutes, matters regarding railroad safety shall be governed by this Act.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11476, Jun. 1, 2012
In any of the following cases, a railroad carrier may suspend the operation of trains temporarily, where it deems that there is an obstacle to the safe operation of trains:
Where a disaster has occurred or is likely to occur due to natural disasters or bad weather, such as earthquake, typhoon, heavy rain, and heavy snow
Other cases where a serious failure has occurred or is likely to occur in the operation of trains.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11476, Jun. 1, 2012
No person shall carry goods or substances that compromise or are likely to compromise safety of the general public or passengers (hereinafter referred to as "harmful goods"), such as weapons, explosives, hazardous chemical substances, and highly inflammable substances, in a train, or load on a train: Provided, That the foregoing shall not apply where permission from the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport or a Mayor/Do Governor is obtained or it is required for performing specific duties prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. Amended by Act No. 11591, Dec. 18, 2012 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Detailed matters regarding the kind of harmful goods, safety measures for cases where permission to carry or load harmful goods is obtained, etc. shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11476, Jun. 1, 2012
"Standards set by Presidential Decree" in the main sentence of Article 49 (1) 3 of the Act means the following standards:
Front windshield: Less than 70 percent
Window glass on the right and left sides of the driver's seat: Less than 40 percent.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
"Device prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 49 (1) 10 (d) of the Act means a device that helps any person use a mobile phone (including car phones) without holding it in his or her hand.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
The commissioner of a district police agency, who finds, as a result of an inspection to confirm the condition of repair pursuant to Article 25, that necessary repair work has not been completed and thus determines to suspend the use of the motor vehicle, etc. pursuant to the latter part of Article 41 (3) of the Act, shall issue a notice of suspension of use of motor vehicle prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 20692, Feb. 29, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 24419, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 25751, Nov. 19, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 28215, Jul. 26, 2017
As to the repair of a motor vehicle, etc. and confirmation thereof, and the return of the motor vehicle registration certificate, where a notice of suspension of use of motor vehicle has been issued in accordance with paragraph (1), the provisions of Article 25 shall apply mutatis mutandis. In such cases, "order for repair" shall be construed as "notice of suspension of use of motor vehicle".
"Requirements prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 52 (3) of the Act, means the following requirements: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 20692, Feb. 29, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 21077, Oct. 8, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 21206, Dec. 31, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 23350, Dec. 6, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 23356, Dec. 8, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 24091, Sep, 7, 2012 Presidential Decree No. 24419, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 25751, Nov. 19, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 25946, Dec. 31, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 26870, Jan. 6, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 28215, Jul. 26, 2017
It shall have the structure of a bus for transporting children prescribed by motor vehicles safety standards
It shall have signs for child protection attached conspicuously to the upper right part of the front windshield and the lower center part of the rear glass, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety
It shall be covered by insurance under Article 4 of the Insurance Business Act or shall be insured by the mutual aid association under Article 61 of the Passenger Transport Service Act in order to fully compensate for damage from traffic accidents
It shall be a vehicle registered in the name of a person who has obtained authorization for, or has completed registration or report of, a kindergarten, school, childcare center, private teaching institute, or sports facility defined in subparagraph 23 of Article 2 of the Act in the original register under Article 8 of the Motor Vehicle Registration Decree, or a vehicle for which the head of a kindergarten, school, childcare center, private teaching institute, or sports facility has entered into a transport contract with a bus leasing business entity pursuant to the proviso to subparagraph 2 (a) of Article 3 of the Enforcement Decree of the Passenger Transport Service Act.
"Qualification training for instructors of traffic safety education prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 76 (2) 2 of the Act means training conducted by the Road Traffic Authority on the details and methods of implementation of the traffic safety education under Article 37 and qualifications required as an instructor of traffic safety education.
Training and education of instructors of traffic safety education under Article 76 (5) of the Act shall be governed by Article 70.
This Article is Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 23350, Dec. 6, 2011
"Standards set by Presidential Decree" in the main sentence of Article 49 (1) 3 of the Act means the following standards:
Front windshield: Less than 70 percent
Window glass on the right and left sides of the driver's seat: Less than 40 percent.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
"Traffic safety standards prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the main sentence of Article 39 (1) of the Act means the following standards:
The number of passengers aboard a motor vehicle (excluding motor vehicles for expressway bus transport business and cargo vehicles) shall not exceed 110 percent of its passenger capacity: Provided, That no vehicle may be operated on an expressway with more passengers on board than its passenger capacity
The number of passengers aboard a motor vehicle for expressway bus transport business or a cargo vehicle shall not exceed its passenger capacity
The laden weight of a cargo vehicle shall not exceed 110 percent of its laden capacity conforming to its structure and efficiency
The load on a motor vehicle (applicable only to cargo vehicles, two-wheeled motor vehicles, and small three-wheeled motor vehicles) shall not exceed the standards classified as follows:
(a) Length: 110 percent of the length of the motor vehicle: Provided, That in cases of a two-wheeled motor vehicle, it refers to the length of the device for riding or loading plus 30 centimeters
(b) Width: The range within which the rear side is visible through the rear-view mirror of the motor vehicle (referring to the range within which the cargo is visible, if the height of the cargo loaded is lower than the range of the rear-view mirror, or the range within which the rear side is visible, if the height of the cargo loaded is higher)
(c) Height: 4 meters from the ground for cargo vehicles (or 4.2 meters for the route publicly notified deeming that there is no likelihood of any risk to the road structure and traffic safety), 2.5 meters from the ground for small three-wheeled motor vehicles, and 2 meters from the ground for two-wheeled motor vehicles).
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
"Cases prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the proviso to Article 15 (3) of the Act (including cases applied mutatis mutandis in Article 61 (2) of the Act) means any of the following cases:
Where an emergency motor vehicle is operated for its originally intended emergency purpose
Where a taxi temporarily accesses the exclusive lane to assist his or her passengers in getting into or out off such taxi without interfering with the traffic of other vehicles allowed to use exclusive lanes. In such cases, the taxi driver shall leave the exclusive lane as soon as his/ her passengers get into or out off the taxi
Where it is impracticable to pass through without accessing the exclusive lane due to damage to or destruction of the road, construction work on the road, or any other unavoidable obstacle.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
The types of lights that the driver of a vehicle or tram shall turn on while operating the vehicle or tram on the road at nighttime in compliance with subparagraphs of Article 37 (1) of the Act shall be classified into the following categories: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29654, Mar. 26, 2019
For motor vehicles: Headlights, sidelights, tail lights, license plate lights, and interior illumination prescribed by motor vehicles safety standards (interior illumination shall be applicable only to buses and commercial vehicles for passenger transport business defined in the Passenger Transport Service Act)
For motorcycles: Headlights and tail lights
For towed vehicles: Tail lights, sidelights and license plate lights
For trams: Headlights, sidelights, tail lights and interior lights
For all vehicles other than vehicles prescribed by subparagraphs 1 through 3: Lights determined and publicly notified by the commissioner of each regional police agency.
The lights that all drivers of vehicles or trams shall use while standing or parking on the road in compliance with subparagraphs of Article 37 (1) of the Act shall be classified into the following categories: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29654, Mar. 26, 2019
For motor vehicles (excluding two-wheeled motor vehicles): Tail lights and sidelights set forth in motor vehicles safety standards
For two-wheeled motor vehicles and motorcycles: Tail lights (including rear reflectors)
For trams: Sidelights and taillights
For all vehicles other than vehicles provided in subparagraphs 1 through 3: Lights prescribed and publicly notified by the commissioner of each regional police agency.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
In compliance with Article 37 (2) of the Act, drivers of all vehicles or trams shall operate the lights in the following manner at nighttime: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29654, Mar. 26, 2019
They shall, while proceeding in opposite directions with other vehicles at night, reduce the brightness of the headlights, lower the direction of the lights, or turn off the lights momentarily: Provided, That the same shall not apply when it is not likely to impede the traffic of other vehicles or trams proceeding in opposite direction, considering the road conditions
They shall, while following a vehicle or tram immediately ahead at nighttime, keep the direction of headlights lower, and shall not interfere with the operation of the vehicle ahead by recklessly adjusting the brightness of headlights.
Drivers of all vehicles and trams shall, while passing through a place with heavy traffic, keep the beam of headlights lower: Provided, That the same shall not apply to places designated by the commissioner of the regional policy agency deemed necessary for maintaining the safety and smoothness of traffic flow. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29654, Mar. 26, 2019
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
They shall, while proceeding in opposite directions with other vehicles at night, reduce the brightness of the headlights, lower the direction of the lights, or turn off the lights momentarily: Provided, That the same shall not apply when it is not likely to impede the traffic of other vehicles or trams proceeding in opposite direction, considering the road conditions
They shall, while following a vehicle or tram immediately ahead at nighttime, keep the direction of headlights lower, and shall not interfere with the operation of the vehicle ahead by recklessly adjusting the brightness of headlights.
The timing and methods for signaling in compliance with Article 38 (1) of the Act shall be as set forth in attached Table 2.
"Device prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 49 (1) 10 (d) of the Act means a device that helps any person use a mobile phone (including car phones) without holding it in his or her hand.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
The methods and timing of stopping and parking that every driver of a vehicle shall comply with under Article 34 of the Act shall be as follows:
Every driver of a vehicle shall stop a vehicle at the right-hand edge of the road, whenever he or she intends to stop on the road: Provided, That the vehicle shall stand at least 50 centimeters away from the right-hand edge of the road toward the center of the road, if no separation exists between the roadway and the sidewalk on the road
Every driver of a passenger vehicle, who stops the vehicle at a designated stop or any similar place in order to load or unload passengers, shall depart from the place immediately after passengers get on or off without hindering other vehicles from stopping
When parking a vehicle on the road, every driver shall obey the rules as to the place, timing, and methods of parking prescribed by the commissioner of the district police agency.
When stopping or parking a vehicle in accordance with paragraph (1), no driver shall obstruct the traffic of others: Provided, That the same shall not apply in any of the following cases: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 26659, Nov. 20, 2015
Where he or she follows a safety sign or an instruction given by any of the following persons:
Where he or she parks a vehicle inevitably due to mechanical trouble.
(a) A national police official (including a conscripted police official hereinafter the same shall apply)
(b) An autonomous police official of the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province (hereinafter referred to as "autonomous police official")
(c) A person who falls under any subparagraph of Article 6 and assists national police official or autonomous police officers (hereinafter referred to as "police official, etc")
Where a driver intends to stop or park a vehicle on slopes under Article 34-3 of the Act (including cases of stopping or parking on a slope at places other than road), the driver shall set the brakes and comply with one of the following: Provided, That the same shall not apply where the driver is putting on a brake without leaving drivers seat: Newly Inserted by Presidential DecreeNo. 29193, Sep. 28, 2018
To place wood, stone, rubber, and plastic wheel chocks on a downhill grade to prevent a vehicle from rolling
To turn the wheels toward the edge of the road (referring to the side nearer from the vehicle)
To take steps equivalent to those under subparagraph 1 or 2 to prevent vehicle from rolling.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
When any traffic accident occurs, a national police official shall investigate the following matters in accordance with Article 54 (6) of the Act: Provided, That where a public action cannot be instituted pursuant to Article 3 (2) or 4 (1) of the Act on Special Cases concerning the Settlement of Traffic Accidents, for a traffic accident by which no one is dead or injured as a result of the investigation into matters referred to in subparagraphs 1 through 4, an investigation into matters referred to in subparagraphs 5 through 7 may be omitted: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 29654, Mar. 26, 2019
Date, time, and place at which the traffic accident occurred
Damage of a traffic accident
Persons involved in a traffic accident, vehicle registration and whether a motor vehicle has been insured
Whether a driver's license is valid, whether a driver has driven a motor vehicle under the influence of alcohol or drugs, and whether he or she has taken necessary measures, such as relief measures on the injured, etc.
Whether a driver has committed an error
Conditions of the scene of a traffic accident
Other matters necessary for the causes of a traffic accident, such as defects of a motor vehicle, tram or traffic safety system and collection of evidence, such as tachograph installed pursuant to Article 55 of the Traffic Safety Act.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
"Person determined by Presidential Decree" in Article 82 (1) 2 of the Act means a person who, according to a specialists diagnosis in the relevant medical field, is incapable of driving under normal conditions due to any mental disorder, such as dementia, schizophrenia, schizo-affective disorder, bipolar affective disorder, recurrent depressive disorder, mental retardation, epilepsy, or any other similar disorder. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 26351, Jun. 30, 2015
"The physically handicapped determined by Presidential Decree" in Article 82 (1) 3 of the Act means a person incapable of sitting steadily due to any physical disability in a leg, head, spine, or any other part of the body: Provided, That where such person is capable of driving under normal conditions by using a motor vehicle manufactured to suit his or her physical handicap and approved as such shall be excluded therefrom. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25007, Dec. 17, 2013
"Person determined by Presidential Decree" in Article 82 (1) 5 of the Act means a person who, according to a specialists diagnosis in the relevant medical field, is incapable of driving under normal conditions due to a disorder relating to narcotic, marijuana, psychoactive drug, or alcohol.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
The examination of skills for driving motor vehicles, etc. under Article 83 (1) 4 of the Act (hereinafter referred to as "internal skill examination") among the skill examinations referred to in Article 108 (1) of the Act (hereinafter referred to as "skill examinations") shall be administered by a skill examiner in the skill training area of the specialized driving school with a motor vehicle for skill training in compliance with the standards for a test set forth in Article 48 for each scope of a driver's license.
"Requirements prescribed by Presidential Decree" in Article 52 (3) of the Act, means the following requirements: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 20692, Feb. 29, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 21077, Oct. 8, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 21206, Dec. 31, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 23350, Dec. 6, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 23356, Dec. 8, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 24091, Sep, 7, 2012 Presidential Decree No. 24419, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 25751, Nov. 19, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 25946, Dec. 31, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 26870, Jan. 6, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 28215, Jul. 26, 2017
It shall have the structure of a bus for transporting children prescribed by motor vehicles safety standards
It shall have signs for child protection attached conspicuously to the upper right part of the front windshield and the lower center part of the rear glass, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety
It shall be covered by insurance under Article 4 of the Insurance Business Act or shall be insured by the mutual aid association under Article 61 of the Passenger Transport Service Act in order to fully compensate for damage from traffic accidents
It shall be a vehicle registered in the name of a person who has obtained authorization for, or has completed registration or report of, a kindergarten, school, childcare center, private teaching institute, or sports facility defined in subparagraph 23 of Article 2 of the Act in the original register under Article 8 of the Motor Vehicle Registration Decree, or a vehicle for which the head of a kindergarten, school, childcare center, private teaching institute, or sports facility has entered into a transport contract with a bus leasing business entity pursuant to the proviso to subparagraph 2 (a) of Article 3 of the Enforcement Decree of the Passenger Transport Service Act.
It shall be covered by insurance under Article 4 of the Insurance Business Act or shall be insured by the mutual aid association under Article 61 of the Passenger Transport Service Act in order to fully compensate for damage from traffic accidents
The terms used in this Act have the following meanings: Amended by Act No. 8989, Mar. 28, 2008 Act No. 10916, Jul. 25, 2011 Act No. 13805, Jan. 19, 2016
The term "private teaching institute" means a facility where an individual provides an educational course (including provision of guidance, such as consulting, etc. necessary for entering a school of higher grade and teaching through the distance education utilizing information and communications technology hereinafter the same shall apply) for at least 30 days (including cases where the total number of teaching days of repeated courses is at least 30 days hereinafter the same shall apply) to teach knowledge, techniques (including skills hereinafter the same shall apply) and arts (including cases where a consulting, etc. necessary for entering the school of higher grade are provided and where distance education is provided using the information technology, etc. the same shall apply hereinafter) to students whose number is at least the number determined by Presidential Decree, or to many and unspecified students or a facility which is provided for learning for at least 30 teaching days: Provided, That the following facilities shall be excluded:
(a) Schools referred to in the Early Childhood Education Act, the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, the Higher Education Act, and other statutes and regulations
(b) Libraries, museums, and science halls
(c) Facilities such as places of work, which are used for employee training
(d) Lifelong education facilities, which are authorized, registered, reported or declared under the Lifelong Education Act
(e) Training facilities for vocational education referred to in the Act on the Development of Vocational Skills of Workers or facilities established under other Acts concerning lifelong education
(f) Driving schools referred to in the Road Traffic Act
(g) Facilities managed jointly by the occupants of the collective housing referred to in subparagraph 3 of Article 2 of the Housing Act, which are installed or used for training of the occupants for not-for-profit making purposes by resolution of a council of occupants representatives under Article 43 of the same Act
The term "teaching school" means a facility for extracurricular lessons referred to in subparagraph 4, and which is neither a private teaching institute nor a facility referred to in each item of subparagraph 1
The term "private tutor" means a person who gives extracurricular lessons at any of the following facilities in exchange for tuition fees, etc.:
(a) A student's or tutor's residence, which is a detached house or an apartment under Article 2 (2) of the Building Act
(b) Facilities referred to in subparagraph 1 (g)
The term "extracurricular lessons" means teaching knowledge, techniques and arts to students at elementary, middle, or high schools or schools equivalent thereto or students preparing for school entrance examinations or examination for certification of academic attainments: Provided, That the following shall be excluded:
(a) Lessons at the facilities referred to in subparagraph 1 (a) through (f) according to the purposes of their establishment
(b) Lessons offered by any of their relatives from the same place of registration
(c) Lessons offered as part of volunteering activities determined by Presidential Decree
The term "students" means any of following persons:
(a) Anyone who takes lessons at any private teaching institutes or teaching schools
(b) Anyone who uses facilities provided as a place of learning for at least 30 teaching days
(c) Anyone who takes lessons from a private tutor
The term "tuition fees, etc." means lecture fees, service fees, or tuition fees, etc. (hereinafter referred to as "tuition fees") which a student pays to any of the following persons in return for lessons or use of the place of learning and all other expenses paid in addition to them (hereinafter referred to as "other expenses"):
(a) A founder and operator of a private teaching institute (hereinafter referred to as "founder and operator of a private teaching institute")
(b) A founder and operator of a teaching school (hereinafter referred to as "operator of a teaching school")
(c) A private tutor.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8711, Dec. 21, 2007
An owner of a motor vehicle (in cases falling under subparagraph 1, referring to an expectant of a new registration) shall have his or her motor vehicle inspected by the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, according to the following classification: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12217, Jan. 7, 2014 Act No. 13486, Aug. 11, 2015
New inspection: Inspection conducted for a new registration
Regular inspection: Inspection regularly conducted at a fixed interval after a new registration
Inspection of tuning: Inspection conducted when a motor vehicle has been tuned under Article 34
Provisional inspection: Inspection conducted when required by this Act or an order issued under this Act or by an application from an owner of a motor vehicle
Repair inspection: Inspection conducted on a motor vehicle subject to total loss after repair.
When the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport performs an inspection of a motor vehicle under paragraph (1) (hereinafter referred to as "motor vehicle inspection"), he or she shall check whether the structure and devices of the relevant motor vehicle meet the inspection standards, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport (hereinafter referred to as "inspection standards for motor vehicles"), and whether the identification number, engine model, etc. are the same as those recorded in a motor vehicle registration certificate, and after the motor vehicle inspection, shall notify the owner of the motor vehicle of the results thereof, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. In such cases, separate inspection standards shall be determined for commercial motor vehicles and non-commercial motor vehicles. Amended by Act No. 9867, Dec. 29. 2009 Act No. 11588, Dec. 18, 2012 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Where a motor vehicle has passed inspection conducted under paragraph (2), the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport shall take measures according to the following classification: Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12217, Jan. 7, 2014
New inspection: Issuing a new inspection certificate
Regular inspection, inspection of tuning, or provisional inspection: Recording the fact of inspection on the register and on the motor vehicle registration certificate.
Where the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport deems that an owner of a motor vehicle is unable to submit his or her motor vehicle for inspections under paragraph (1) 2 through 4 due to a natural disaster or other unavoidable causes or events, he or she may extend the period or postpone the inspection of the motor vehicle. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Where a motor vehicle with the mark of self-authentication of motor vehicle under Article 30 (4) is newly registered (excluding a motor vehicle which is newly registered after its registration is revoked), it shall be deemed newly inspected under paragraph (1) 1.
Where the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport has performed a regular inspection pursuant to paragraph (1) 2 (hereinafter referred to as "regular inspection"), he or she shall record and keep the scene and results of the inspection with an electronic information processing organization established under Article 69 until the period prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
No person shall manipulate or alter, or have another person manipulate or alter, any value set in a machine or instrument used for inspections of motor vehicles according to the inspection standards for motor vehicles or any value measured by a machine or instrument. Newly Inserted by Act No. 15321, Dec. 26, 2017
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9449, Feb. 6, 2009
Motor vehicles shall be classified as follows: Amended by Act No. 10721, May 24, 2011 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 16564, Aug. 27, 2019
Passenger vehicles: A motor vehicle suitably manufactured to transport up to 10 persons
Motor vehicles for passengers and freight: A motor vehicle suitably manufactured to transport 11 persons or more: Provided, That any of the following motor vehicles shall be deemed motor vehicles for passengers and freight, regardless of the number of passengers:
Freight motor vehicles: A motor vehicle equipped with a loading space which makes the car suitable for transporting freight and in which the gross weight for a carload of freight in the loading space is heavier than that of the passengers when all passengers, except the driver, are on board in the boarding space
Special motor vehicles: A motor vehicle suitably manufactured for the towing of other motor vehicles or for rescue work or other uses and that is neither a passenger motor vehicle, a motor vehicle for passengers and freight, nor a freight motor vehicle
Motorcycles: A motorcycle and other motor vehicles with a structure similar thereto, which are suitably manufactured to transport one or two persons, regardless of the size of total displacement or rated output of a motor vehicle.
(a) A motor vehicle suitably manufactured to transport up to 10 persons with special equipment or facilities fitted in the motor vehicle
(b) A front-steering motor vehicle suitably manufactured to transport up to 10 persons as a compact motor vehicle prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport
(c) Deleted by Act No. 16564, Aug. 27, 2019
The detailed criteria for classification under paragraph (1) shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, based on the criteria, such as size, structure, motor type, total displacement, or rated output of a motor vehicle. Newly Inserted by Act No. 10721, May 24, 2011 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
The types of motor vehicles classified in paragraph (1) may be sub-classified in accordance with the standards prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. Amended by Act No. 10721, May 24, 2011 Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9449, Feb. 6, 2009
If the structure and devices of a motor vehicle as prescribed by Presidential Decree fail to meet the performance requirements and standards required for safe operation (hereinafter referred to as "safety standards for motor vehicles"), the motor vehicle shall not be operated.
Any parts, devices, or safety equipment, as prescribed by Presidential Decree, which are installed or used on a motor vehicle (hereinafter referred to as "motor vehicle parts") shall satisfy the performance requirements and standards required for safe operation (hereinafter referred to as "safety standards for parts").
Storage facilities, gas appliances, piping facilities, and other facilities to be installed for the purposes of cooking and camping with liquefied petroleum gas in any vehicle for camping prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport and electric facilities and camping facilities therefor shall comply with the standards for safety as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. Newly Inserted by Act No. 13486, Aug. 11, 2015 Act No. 16564, Aug. 27, 2019
The safety standards for motor vehicles and the safety standards for parts shall be determined by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 13486, Aug. 11, 2015
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9449, Feb. 6, 2009
The definitions of terms used in this Act shall be as follows: Amended by Act No. 12933, Dec. 30, 2014
The term "eligible recipient" means a person eligible for benefits under this Act
The term "recipient" means a person who is paid benefits under this Act
The term "receivable cash and goods" means cash or goods provided or lent to recipients pursuant to this Act
The term "livelihood security agency" means the State or a local government which pays benefits under this Act
The term "obligatory provider" means a person who is responsible for supporting an eligible recipient and who is a first-degree relative by blood or marriage: Provided, That the spouse of a decreased lineal blood relative of the first degree is excluded herefrom
The term minimum security level means the amount or security level published for each type of benefits pursuant to Article 6 in consideration of the national income and expenditure levels as well as actual living conditions of the relevant eligible recipient, such as the household type thereof, and the inflation rate
The term "minimum cost of living" means the amount required for people to lead a healthy and decent life as calculated by the Minister of Health and Welfare pursuant to Article 20-2 (4)
The term "individual household" means a household which consists of recipients or eligible recipients, which is the basic unit that is paid benefits under this Act or which is subject to an inquiry to verify whether or not to meet the requirements for eligibility under this Act. In such cases, such details as the scope of an individual household shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree
The term "countable income" means the aggregate of the assessed amount of income and the amount of income converted from properties of any individual household, both of which are calculated by livelihood security agencies for the purpose of determining payment of benefits, etc.
The term "second-lowest income bracket means a group of people who are not eligible recipients (excluding persons who are deemed eligible recipients pursuant to Article 14-2) and whose countable income is below the criteria prescribed by Presidential Decree
The term standard median income means the median value of the national household income publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare through deliberation and resolution by the Central Livelihood Security Committee under Article 20 (2) in order to utilize it as one of the criteria for benefits.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11248, Feb. 1, 2012
The term standard median income means the median value of the national household income publicly notified by the Minister of Health and Welfare through deliberation and resolution by the Central Livelihood Security Committee under Article 20 (2) in order to utilize it as one of the criteria for benefits.
No motor vehicle which is not covered by mandatory insurance shall be operated on a road: Provided, That this shall not apply to motor vehicles prescribed by Presidential Decree pursuant to Article 5 (4).
Any motor vehicle owner shall purchase a liability insurance policy or enter into a liability mutual aid agreement (hereinafter "liability insurance policy, etc.") which covers an amount prescribed by Presidential Decree that shall be paid to a third party who has died or been injured due to the operation of the motor vehicle (referring to a person who has the right to receive indemnification for damage in cases of the death of a victim hereinafter the same shall apply).
Any motor vehicle owner shall, in addition to the purchase of a liability insurance policy, etc., purchase an insurance policy under the Insurance Business Act or enter into a mutual aid agreement under the Passenger Transport Service Act, the Trucking Transport Business Act and the Construction Machinery Management Act in order to assume the liability for paying an amount prescribed by Presidential Decree to a third party whose property is destroyed or damaged due to the operation of the motor vehicle.
Any of the following persons shall, in addition to the purchase of a liability insurance policy, etc., purchase an insurance policy under the Insurance Business Act or enter into a mutual aid agreement under the Passenger Transport Service Act, the Trucking Transport Business Act or the Construction Machinery Management Act in order to indemnify the liability for paying an amount prescribed by Presidential Decree that exceeds the upper limit on the compensation covered by liability insurance, etc. to a third party who has died or been injured due to the operation of the motor vehicle:
Passenger transport service provider who has obtained a license or has completed registration in accordance with Article 4 (1) of the Passenger Transport Service Act
Motor vehicle rental business entity that has completed registration in accordance with Article 28 (1) of the Passenger Transport Service Act
Trucking transport business entity and trucking transport franchiser who have obtained a license in accordance with Articles 3 and 29 of the Trucking Transport Business Act
Construction machinery rental business operator who has completed registration in accordance with Article 21 (1) of the Construction Machinery Management Act.
The provisions of paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to motor vehicles prescribed by Presidential Decree and motor vehicles operated only in places other than on a road (which means the road provided for in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Road Traffic Act hereinafter the same shall apply).
Liability insurance policies, etc. under paragraph (1) and insurance policies or mutual aid agreements under paragraphs (2) and (3) shall be effected on a separate motor vehicle basis.
Where any person who operates a motor vehicle for personal use has killed or injured another person by such operation, he or she shall be liable to compensate the damages therefrom: Provided, That the same shall not apply to any of the following cases:
In cases of the death or injury of any person other than a passenger, when it has been proven that the person who has operated the motor vehicle and the driver thereof were not negligent in its operation, that a victim or a third party, other than the person who has operated the motor vehicle and the driver thereof, commits an intentional or negligent act, and that there were no structural defects or functional disorders in the motor vehicle
In cases of the death or injury of a passenger, when the passenger has died or been injured due to his or her intentional act or suicidal act.
Where any person who operates a motor vehicle for personal use has killed or injured another person by such operation, he or she shall be liable to compensate the damages therefrom: Provided, That the same shall not apply to any of the following cases:
In cases of the death or injury of any person other than a passenger, when it has been proven that the person who has operated the motor vehicle and the driver thereof were not negligent in its operation, that a victim or a third party, other than the person who has operated the motor vehicle and the driver thereof, commits an intentional or negligent act, and that there were no structural defects or functional disorders in the motor vehicle
In cases of the death or injury of a passenger, when the passenger has died or been injured due to his or her intentional act or suicidal act.
Except as otherwise expressly provided for in Article 3, the provisions of the Civil Act shall apply to the liability for damages caused by a person who operates a motor vehicle for personal use.
A person who has received interest in excess of the maximum interest rate prescribed in Article 2 (1) shall be punished by imprisonment  with labor not exceeding one year or by a fine not exceeding 10 million won.
The punishment of imprisonment with labor and the fine under paragraph (1) may be imposed concurrently.
This Article Newly Inserted by Act No. 10925, Jul. 25, 2011
Claims with maturity shall be deemed due and payable when bankruptcy is declared.
Every bankruptcy creditor shall report the matters falling under each of the following subparagraphs to the court within the period set by the court (hereinafter referred to as "reporting period") and submit evidential documents or certified copies and abridged copies thereof to the court:
The amount of claims and the grounds thereof
When claims carry general preferential rights, the rights thereof
When the claims falling under any subparagraph of Article 446 (1) are included, the categorization thereof.
The holder of the right to foreclose outside bankruptcy shall report the amount of claims that cannot be repaid according to the purpose and exercise of such rights.
When a lawsuit is pending bankruptcy claims at the time bankruptcy is declared, bankruptcy creditors shall report to the Court the parties, the name and the number of cases other than the matters referred to in each subparagraph of paragraph (1).
In cases of selling property for which it is verified that the establishment of the right of lease on deposit basis, the pledge right or the mortgage has been registered, or that the requirements for opposing power are met and certified fixed dates are obtained as provided for in Article 3-2 (2) of the Housing Lease Protection Act or in Article 5 (2) of the Commercial Building Lease Protection Act before any of the following dates (hereinafter referred to as "statutory deadline"), as prescribed by Presidential Decree, and where any national taxes or additional dues (excluding national taxes imposed on the property and additional dues imposed thereon) are collected from the proceeds of sale, the obligation secured by the right of lease on deposit basis, the pledge right or the mortgage, or the deposit money in lease contract deeds or lease contracts with certified fixed dates:
Where any person entitled to receive the deposited property is required to provide consideration for the deposit, he or she may not receive the deposited property if he or she fails to prove payment of the consideration by means of a written statement by the depositor, written judgment, notarized deed or other public documents prepared by public offices.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8921, Mar. 21, 2008
Both parties may appear in the court voluntarily, and plead for an action.
In the case of paragraph (1), the institution of an action shall be made by oral statements.
A spouse, lineal relative by blood or brother and sister of the party concerned may be an attorney without permission of the court. Amended by Act No. 7427, Mar. 31, 2005
The attorney referred to in paragraph (1) shall prove in writing his relationship with or authorization from the parties concerned: Provided, That in connection with the authorization, when the party concerned appoints an attorney who is referred to in paragraph (1) in the presence of the judge by an oral statement, and the junior administrative officer, etc. of a court records this relationship in the protocol, the attorney does not have to prove his authorization. Amended by Act No. 6410, Jan. 29, 2001
In connection with observance, compromise, compliance, renunciation, withdrawal and confession of provisions on the method of pleading, the provisions referred to in paragraph (1) shall not apply.
The owner or manager of a building under Article 37-2 of the Act shall install letter boxes for each dwelling facility, office or any other work place of the building at an easily visible place inside the relevant building that is close to the entrance thereof.
Postal items to be delivered to a building under Article 50 (1) shall be delivered to letter boxes installed in the relevant building: Provided, That the same shall not apply to cases falling under subparagraph 1 of Article 43. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 13070, Aug. 8, 1990 Presidential Decree No. 29102, Aug. 21, 2018
Deleted. by Presidential Decree No. 19008, Aug. 19, 2005
The amount of damages under Article 38 (4) of the Act may be preferentially paid out of funds possessed by the relevant post office within budgetary limits and replenished afterwards.
Where no damage is caused to a postal item, whole amount of compensation for damage
The Minister of Science and ICT shall publicly notify the postal charges and fees for using postal services under Article 19 of the Act (hereinafter referred to as "postal charges, etc."). Amended by Presidential Decree No. 15539, Dec. 15, 1997 Presidential Decree No. 20678, Feb. 29, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 24442, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 28210, Jul. 26, 2017
For the registration of establishment under Article 73: The articles of association, and documents concerning the matters of assets and certifying the qualifications of executives
The chief of a police station or Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Governor shall issue or dispatch to a person who falls under Article 165 (1) 1 of the Act (hereinafter referred to as "person subject to summary trial at the scene") a summons for summary trial, informing him or her of the date, time, venue, etc. at which he or she shall make an appearance for a summary trial, at least ten days before the trial date. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 28055, May 29, 2017
If it becomes impracticable to proceed with the summary trial any further because the person subject to summary trial at the scene fails to appear, even after dispatching a peremptory notice of demand for appearance for summary trial in accordance with paragraph (2), the chief of the police station may suspend the validity of the driver's license held by the relevant person temporarily pursuant to Article 93 of the Act.
Under Article 89 (2) of the Act, each person set forth in any subparagraph of paragraph (1) shall notify personal information provided for in attached Table 4 to the Commissioner General of the Korean National Police Agency at least once a quarter, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25751, Nov. 19, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 28215, Jul. 26, 2017
It shall register the name and address of a newly established branch, etc. within 14 days at the seat of the Authority: Provided, That the branches, etc. established simultaneously at the time of the establishment of the Authority shall be registered simultaneously when the establishment of the Authority is registered
It shall register the descriptions set forth in the subparagraphs of Article 73 within 21 days with the registry having jurisdiction over the locality of a newly established branch, etc.
It shall register the name and address of a newly established branch, etc. within 21 days with the registry having jurisdiction over the locality of an existing branch, etc. already established.
For the registration of establishment of a branch, etc. under Article 74: Documents certifying the establishment of the branch, etc.
Where a person required to have his or her driver's license renewed pursuant to Article 87 (1) of the Act (including regular aptitude tests, where he or she is obligated to undergo a regular aptitude test pursuant to Article 87 (2) of the Act hereafter in this Article the same shall apply) is unable to have his or her driver's license renewed during a period set for renewal of the license due to any of the following causes or events, he or she shall have it renewed in advance before the period for renewal thereof or submit to the commissioner of a district police agency (including the Road Traffic Agency, where he or she is obliged to undergo a regular aptitude test hereafter in this Article the same shall apply), an application for postponement of the issuance of the renewed driver's license, appending thereto a document evidencing such event or cause for postponement, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25751, Nov. 19, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 26659, Nov. 20, 2015 Presidential Decree No. 27617, Nov. 29, 2016 Presidential Decree No. 28215, Jul. 26, 2017
When he or she stays abroad
When he or she suffers a disaster or calamity
When he or she is immobilized due to a disease or injury
When he or she is deprived of personal freedom and is detained or confined in custody pursuant to statutes
When he or she is in military service (including substitute service as a conscripted police officer or a compulsory fire-fighter pursuant to the Military Service Act, but limited to a private soldier)
When there are any other reasonable grounds generally acceptable by social norms as unavoidable.
The commissioner of a district police agency shall either issue a renewed driver's license in advance before the period for renewal or postpone the period for renewal of the driver's license, if a reason for application filed under paragraph (1) is deemed reasonable.
A person, for whom the period for renewal of the driver's license is postponed pursuant to paragraph (2), shall have his or her driver's license renewed within three months from the date such cause or event terminates.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
Name or location of the specialized driving school
Where the Government intends to grant contributions to the Authority pursuant to Article 130 (1) 1 of the Act, the Commissioner General of the Korean National Police Agency shall appropriate them in advance in the budget for such grant.
"Amount prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the former part of the Article 161-2 (1) of the Act means two million won (including additional dues and aggravated additional dues to be imposed).
"Institution receiving administrative fines by agent prescribed by Presidential Decree" in the former part of Article 161-2 (1) of the Act means the following:
The Korea Financial Telecommunications and Clearings Institute established with permission from the Minister of Strategy and Finance under Article 32 of the Civil Act
An institution designated and publicly notified by the Commissioner of the Korean National Police Agency as an institution receiving administrative fines by proxy, in consideration of facilities, working capability, the size of capital, and other relevant factors.
Fees for services receiving administrative fines by proxy under Article 161-2 (3) of the Act shall be approved by the Commissioner General of the Korean National Policy Agency by comprehensively considering the operational expenses, etc. of an institution receiving administrative fines by proxy, and such fees shall not exceed 0.015 percent of the amount of the relevant administrative fines (including additional dues and aggravated additional dues to be imposed).
The Commissioner General of the Korean National Policy Agency may determine matters necessary for the payment of administrative fines by credit card, debit card, etc.
This Article Newly Inserted by Presidential Decree No. 22590, Dec. 31, 2010
Where the commissioner of a district police agency, the Mayor, etc., or the superintendent of an office of education intends to impose an administrative fine under Article 160 or 161 of the Act, he or she shall enter the details thereof in a regulation book and a register of persons subject to imposition of administrative fines prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety. In such cases, the regulation book shall be prepared and managed in an electronically processable way, except in extenuating circumstances. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25751, Nov. 19, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 25946, Dec. 31, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 28215, Jul. 26, 2017
Where the Mayor, etc. intends to impose an administrative fine under Article 160 (3) of the Act against a person who employs the driver of a vehicle that has violated Articles 32 through 34 of the Act, a person in a position to directly manage such driver, or the user of such vehicle (hereinafter referred to as "employer, etc."), he or she shall do so after preparing evidentiary materials for the vehicle that has violated parking or stopping regulations, such as photographic evidence taken of such vehicle on which a sign of a vehicle subject to imposition of an administrative fine is attached, or photographic evidence of such vehicle gathered by means of unmanned monitoring device, etc., and shall retain evidentiary materials after giving them file numbers.
A subsidy or a loan under Article 130 (1) 4 of the Act may be expended only for activities specified in Article 123 of the Act.
Before expending a subsidy or a loan pursuant to paragraph (1), the Authority shall submit to the Commissioner General of the Korean National Policy Agency the budget execution plan for such subsidy or loan funds, and shall obtain approval therefor.
The Authority shall, when it intends to borrow a loan to appropriate it for its fund pursuant to Article 130 (1) 4 of the Act, submit to the Commissioner General of the Korean National Police Agency an application for approval of appropriation stating the following matters:
Reasons for borrowing the loan and a lender
Amount, terms and conditions of the loan
Methods and maturity for repayment of the loan
Business plans including the purpose of, and procedures, etc. for, using the funds borrowed
Other matters necessary for borrowing and repayment of the loan.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
The commissioner of each district police agency shall, when intending to install a signal apparatus on a four-lane or wider road managed by the Minister of Land, Infrastructure and Transport in accordance with Article 86 (1) 1, hear opinions from the administrator of the competent regional construction and management administration in advance on whether a place where the signal apparatus is to be installed is appropriate and whether a work for improving any other road facility shall be executed simultaneously.
The head of each administrative agency, etc. shall share administrative information collected and held by such agency with other administrative agencies, etc. that need such information and shall not endeavor to separately gather identical information where he or she can be provided with reliable administrative information from other administrative agencies, etc.
The head of each administrative agency, etc. collecting and possessing administrative information (hereinafter referred to as "agency in possession of administrative information") may allow other administrative agencies, etc., banks authorized to engage in banking business pursuant to Article 8 (1) of the Banking Act, and legal entities, organizations, or institutions specified by Presidential Decree to share administrative information held by the agency in possession of such administrative information. Amended by Act. No. 10303, May 17, 2010
The Minister of the Interior and Safety may publicly announce the detailed examination of the lists of administrative information held by administrative agencies, etc. and the outcomes thereof through information systems and conduct research on demand for the administrative information that administrative agencies, etc. need to share with each other. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12346, Jan. 28, 2014 Act No. 12844, Nov. 19, 2014 Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017
The head of each central agency responsible for administrative affairs shall promote the readjustment of relevant Acts, subordinate statutes, and systems in order to ensure the effective management of administrative information, such as production, processing, utilization, provision, storing, scrapping, etc. of administrative information.
The Minister of the Interior and Safety may establish and publish guidelines for the criteria, procedures, etc. for sharing administrative information, in consultation with the heads of other central agencies responsible for administrative affairs. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013 Act No. 12844, Nov. 19, 2014 Act No. 14839, Jul. 26, 2017
Necessary matters concerning the methods, etc. for examination of lists of administrative information under paragraph (3) shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree. Newly Inserted by Act No. 12346, Jan. 28, 2014
Where it is deemed necessary to order protective detention of a juvenile as a result of a trial, the judge of the competent Juvenile Department shall, by means of a ruling, make disposition falling under any of the following subparagraphs:
To consign a juvenile concerned of the care and custody of his or her guardian or any person who can provide protection for the juvenile in substitution for the guardian
To issue an order to attend a lecture
To issue a community service order
To place a juvenile concerned under the short-term probation of a probation officer
To place a juvenile concerned under the long-term probation of a probation officer
To entrust a juvenile concerned for the care and custody to a child welfare institution under the Child Welfare Act or other juvenile protection institution
To entrust a juvenile concerned to a hospital, a sanatorium or a juvenile medical care and protection institution under the Act on the Treatment of Protected Juveniles, Etc.
To transfer a juvenile to the Juvenile Reformatory within one month
To transfer a juvenile to the Juvenile Reformatory for a short-term and
To transfer a juvenile to the Juvenile Reformatory for a long-term.
Dispositions under the provisions of the following subparagraphs may be merged with each other in whole or in part:
A disposition under paragraph (1) 1, 2, 3 and 4
A disposition under paragraph (1) 1, 2, 3 and 5
A disposition under paragraph (1) 4 and 6
A disposition under paragraph (1) 5 and 6 and
A disposition under paragraph (1) 5 and 8.
A disposition under paragraph (1) 3 may be imposed on juveniles of 14 years of age or over only.
A disposition under paragraph (1) 2 and 10 may be imposed on juveniles of 12 years of age or over only.
Where a disposition falling under any of the subparagraphs of paragraph (1) has been ordered, the competent Juvenile Department shall, at the same time the juvenile is transferred, transmit to a trustee or a person executing the protective detention, reference materials necessary for reforming the juvenile concerned.
A protective disposition on a juvenile shall not in any aspect affect the juveniles future status.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8722, Dec. 21, 2007
The head of a Si/Gun/Gu may conduct health examinations on eligible recipients under this Act to detect a disease early and provide medical benefits following such detection.
Eligible recipients subject to health examinations under paragraph (1), the frequency and procedures for health examinations, and other necessary matters shall be prescribed by the Minister of Health and Welfare.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11878, Jun. 12, 2013
The term "single-parent family" means either a mother-and-child family or father-and-child family
The term "mother-and-child family" means a family in which mother is the householder (including a person who actually supports members of a household even though she is not the householder)
The term "father-and-child family" means a family in which father is the householder (including a person who actually supports members of a household even though he is not the householder)
In order to promote the stabilization of livelihood and self-support of a single-parent family, the State or local governments may lend any of the following funds:
Funds required for business
Expenses for the education of children
Medical expenses
Housing funds
Such other funds necessary for the welfare of a single-parent family as prescribed by Presidential Decree.
The limits, methods, and procedures for lending funds under paragraph (1) and other necessary matters shall be determined by Presidential Decree.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8655, Oct. 17, 2007
In case of the sale or rent of the units of national housing as prescribed by the Housing Act, the State or local governments shall endeavor to have a specified percent of the national housing preferentially sold to single-parent families.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8655, Oct. 17, 2007
Legal aid services, such as legal consulting and legal representation for a request for legal acknowledgment, a claim for childcare expenses, etc.
The term "child" means a person under 18 years of age (referring to a person under the age of 22 where he or she attends school and a person under the age to which the period of his or her military service is added where he or she attends school after performing his or her military services under the Military Service Act)
Supporting services for persons with disabilities, senior citizens, patients with chronic diseases, etc.
Where the head of a public facility operated by the State or a local government grants permission to install various kinds of stalls and service booths within the public facility, he or she may preferentially grant such permit to single-parent families or single-parent family welfare organizations.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8655, Oct. 17, 2007
A Special Self-Governing City Mayor, a Special Self-Governing Province Governor, or the head of a Si/Gun/Gu shall record and manage the loan details regarding recipients of welfare fund loans and their repayment history, etc., as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Gender Equality and Family. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 14446, Dec. 23, 1994 Presidential Decree No. 18873, Jun. 23, 2005 Presidential Decree No. 20548, Jan. 15, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 20679, Feb. 29, 2008 Presidential Decree No. 22076, Mar. 15, 2010 Presidential Decree No. 22337, Aug. 11, 2010 Presidential Decree No. 25499, Jul. 21, 2014
A person subject to special cases concerning foreigners under Article 5-2 (3) of the Single-Parent Family Support Act (hereinafter referred to as the Act) means a foreigner residing in the Republic of Korea who is married to a citizen of the Republic of Korea, raises a child of Korean nationality and has already filed for alien registration under Article 31 of the Immigration Act. Amended by Presidential Decree No. 20548, Jan. 15, 2008
This Article Newly Inserted by Presidential Decree No. 19946, Mar. 22, 2007
Any person who intends to establish and operate a school-type lifelong educational establishment shall file for registration with the superintendent of education after making such establishment complete with facilities and equipment prescribed by Presidential Decree.
The superintendent of education may designate any school-type lifelong educational establishments that satisfy the requirements higher than a certain standard as establishments, graduates of which are recognized as having educational attainment of graduates of a high school or lower, among the school-type lifelong educational establishments referred to in paragraph (1): Provided, That he or she may cancel the designation where the establishment improperly uses the subsidies provided by a local government pursuant to paragraph (6) for any purpose other than their designated use. Amended by Act No. 13228, Mar. 27, 2015
The teachers under Article 19 (1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act may be posted to the establishment, the educational attainment of which is recognized under paragraph (2). In such cases, the regulations on teachers of national and public schools shall apply mutatis mutandis to the service, domestic training and retraining of teachers.
Any high technical school that installs and operates major departments under Article 54 (4) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act may be converted into, and operated as, a lifelong educational establishment, the graduates of which are recognized as having educational attainment and degree equal to those of graduates of a junior college, after obtaining authorization from the Minister of Education. In such cases, it may use the name of the major college. Amended by Act No. 11690, Mar. 23, 2013
Necessary matters concerning standards and procedures for designation and cancellation of designation, admission qualifications, qualifications of teachers, etc. of school-type lifelong education establishments, the educational attainment of which is recognized under paragraph (2) and authorization standards, procedures, operating methods, such as the management of academic affairs, and other matters of lifelong education establishments under paragraph (4) shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 13228, Mar. 27, 2015
The local governments may provide necessary subsidies or other support, equivalent to those provided to schools prescribed in Article 2 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, to lifelong educational establishments, the educational attainment of which is recognized under paragraph (2), within the budget, as prescribed by ordinance of the relevant local government. Amended by Act No. 13228, Mar. 27, 2015
If any person designated as a lifelong educational establishment, the educational attainment of which is recognized under paragraph (2), intends to close its establishment, he or she shall obtain approval from the relevant superintendent of education by being equipped with matters prescribed by Presidential Decree, such as the measures to deal with enrolled students.
Articles 28, 29, and 53-2 (9) of the Private School Act shall apply mutatis mutandis to matters concerning management of property, accounting, and recruitment of teachers, etc. of lifelong educational establishments subject to recognition of educational attainment under paragraph (2), respectively, and Articles 7 and 25 (1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act shall apply mutatis mutandis to guidance for encouragement of learning and maintenance of school life records of students, respectively: Provided, That budgeting, settlement of accounts, and accounting, as part of accounting of school expenses shall be performed by methods prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Education. Newly Inserted by Act No. 13228, Mar. 27, 2015
The term "automobile" in this Section means a vehicle registered or reported under the Motor Vehicle Management Act, and construction machinery similar to the vehicle and prescribed by Presidential Decree, registered under the Construction Machinery Management Act.
Where a person eligible for protection under Article 5 or 5-2 of the Single-Parent Family Support Act applies for issuance of a certificate.
No service agency shall reject any request from a guardian to provide its service: Provided, That the same shall not apply where any justifiable ground, such as abnormal supply and demand of child care providers, exists.
Notwithstanding paragraph (1), the head of the agency conducting the examination may exempt recipients under the National Basic Living Security Act or persons eligible for protection under the Single-Parent Family Support Act at the time application forms are received from an application fee, as prescribed by the Minister of Personnel Management. Newly Inserted by Presidential Decree No. 22835, Apr. 4, 2011 Presidential Decree No. 23899, Jun. 29, 2012 Presidential Decree No. 24425, Mar. 23, 2013 Presidential Decree No. 25751, Nov. 19, 2014
The householder of a single-parent family who is a recipient of livelihood program under Article 5 of the Single-Parent Family Support Act
For the purpose of Article 68 (1) of the Act, "cases prescribed by Presidential Decree" means any cases which meet all requirements of the following:
That the number of consumers, excluding those provided for in the following items, who suffered the same or similar type of damages due to goods, etc., shall not be less than fifty:
(a) Consumers who have reached an agreement with business entities on the settlement of disputes or compensation for damages through the autonomous dispute mediation referred to in the main sentence of Article 31 (1) of the Act, recommendation made by the president of the Korea Consumer Agency provided for in Article 57 of the Act, or any other ways
(b) Consumers who are proceeding with dispute mediation at the dispute mediation organizations referred to in subparagraphs of Article 25
(c) Consumers who have filed lawsuits in a court with respect to damages caused by the relevant goods, etc.
That major issues in the cases shall be factually or legally common.
The term "e-learning" means learning by means of electronic tools, information and communications, electric wave or broadcasting technology
A founder and a manager of a school shall build a health room, and furnish the facilities, appliances, and goods necessary for health care in schools, as prescribed by Presidential Decree. Amended by Act No. 15965, Dec. 18, 2018
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8678, Dec. 14, 2007
In order to prevent safety-related accidents among students, the head of a school shall check out and improve facilities and equipment in the school, provide safety education to students, and take other necessary measures.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 8678, Dec. 14, 2007
Location: It shall be located in a place that is readily accessible to students and teachers and staff, who can swiftly receive emergency treatment, etc., and that is well-ventilated and well-lighted
Area: It shall be at least 66 square meters: Provided, That the Minister of Education (applicable only to universities and colleges under Article 1 of the Regulations for the Establishment and Operation of Universities and Colleges) or the superintendent of education of the Special Metropolitan City, a Metropolitan City, a Special Self-Governing City, a Do, or of a Special Self-Governing Province (hereinafter referred to as "City/Do") (applicable only to schools under Article 2 of the Regulations for the Establishment and Operation of Schools of the Grades not Higher than High Schools) may relax requirements for such area to the extent that they do not undermine efforts by students and teachers and staff to maintain their health, taking the number of students, etc., into consideration.
Where the chief of a police station who keeps in custody an artificial structure, etc. removed in person pursuant to Article 71 (2) or 72 (2) of the Act or the proceeds from the sale thereof, he or she shall publicly announce the following information on the bulletin board of the relevant police station for 14 days from the date it was taken into his or her custody, and shall prepare and make a list available to interested parties for inspection, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety: Amended by Presidential Decree No. 25751, Nov. 19, 2014 Presidential Decree No. 28215, Jul. 26, 2017
The name, type, shape, and quantity of the relevant artificial structure, etc.
The place the relevant artificial structure, etc. was originally installed, and the date and time such artificial structure, etc. was removed
The place the relevant artificial structure, etc. or the proceeds from the sale thereof are kept in custody
Other matters deemed necessary for keeping the relevant artificial structures, etc. or the proceeds from the sale thereof in custody.
If the possessor, owner, or caretaker of an artificial structure, etc. (hereinafter referred to as "possessor, etc") is unknown even after the lapse of the period for public announcement set forth in paragraph (1), the chief of a police station shall publicly announce the details of information specified under paragraph (1) in a daily newspaper: Provided, That the same shall not apply where it is not worthy making such public announcement in a daily newspaper from the viewpoint of its value as an asset.
When the chief of a police station sells an artificial structure, etc. in accordance with the latter parts of Articles 71 (2) and 72 (2) of the Act, he or she shall place it on a competitive tender, as prescribed by the Act on Contracts to which the State is a Party, except in any of the following cases:
Where the value is likely to diminish significantly, if its sale is not kept confidential
Where it is concluded that there will be no bidder for such competitive tender
Where a competitive tender is deemed improper on any other ground.
This Article Wholly Amended by Presidential Decree No. 24644, Jun. 28, 2013
Kindergartens
The definitions of the terms used in this Act are as follows: Amended by Act No. 15309, Dec. 26, 2017 Act No. 15356, Jan. 16, 2018 Act No. 15738, Aug. 14, 2018
The term "housing" means all or a portion of a building structured so that members of a household can reside independently from other households for a long term and the land attached thereto, and is classified into detached housing and multi-family housing
The term "detached housing" means housing structured so that one household can reside independently from other households within one building, and the scope and kinds thereof shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree
The term "multi-family housing" means housing structured so that each household that uses all or some of walls, hallways, stairs or other facilities of a building can reside independently from other households within one building, and the kinds and scope thereof shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree
The term "quasi-housing" means non-housing buildings and the land attached thereto, which may be used as residential facilities, and the scope and kinds thereof shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree
The term "national housing" means housing not larger than a national standard housing scale, falling under any of the following:
(a) Housing constructed by the State, local governments, Korea Land and Housing Corporation under the Korea Land and Housing Corporation Act (hereinafter referred to as "Korea Land and Housing Corporation"), or local public corporations established to implement housing projects pursuant to Article 49 of the Local Public Enterprises Act (hereinafter referred to as "local public corporation")
(b) Housing constructed or renovated with funds provided from public finance of the State or local governments, or the Housing and Urban Fund under the Housing and Urban Fund Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Housing and Urban Fund")
The term "national standard housing" means housing, the area of which, used only for residential purposes (hereinafter referred to as "area for residential use only"), does not exceed 85 square meters per family or household (in case of an non-urban Eup or Myeon area excluding the Seoul Metropolitan area defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Seoul Metropolitan Area Readjustment Planning Act, referring to housing the area of which, for residential use only, does not exceed 100 square meters per family or household). In such cases, methods for the calculation of the area for residential use only shall be prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport
The term "privately constructed housing" means housing, excluding national housing
The term "rental housing" means housing for rental purposes classified into public rental housing defined in subparagraph 1 (a) of Article 2 of the Special Act on Public Housing and private rental housing defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Special Act on Private Rental Housing
The term "land-lease housing for sale" means housing in which a person who implements a construction project of land-lease housing for sale after obtaining approval of the project plan under Article 15 has ownership of land, and persons who purchase housing have ownership of a building, welfare facilities, etc. (a person who purchases a housing unit shall have divided ownership of a building he or she exclusively possesses, and persons who purchase housing shall share the common space of a building, auxiliary buildings and welfare facilities)
The term "project operator" means any of the following persons who implement a housing construction project or housing site preparation project after obtaining approval referred to in Article 15:
(a) The State or local governments
(b) Korea Land and Housing Corporation or local public corporations
(c) Housing construction project operators or housing site preparation project operators registered pursuant to Article 4
(d) Other persons who implement housing construction projects or housing site preparation projects pursuant to this Act
The term "housing association" means any of the following associations formed by a large number of members to acquire housing after obtaining approval of a project plan under Article 15 or implement a remodeling project pursuant to Article 66:
(a) Local-based housing association: An association established by residents who reside in an area classified as follows to acquire housing:
(i) Seoul Metropolitan City, Incheon Metropolitan City and Gyeonggi-do
(ii) Daejeon Metropolitan City, Chungcheongnam-do and Sejong Special Self-Governing City
(iii) Chungcheongbuk-do
(iv) Gwangju Metropolitan City and Jeollanam-do
(v) Jeollabuk-do
(vi) Daegu Metropolitan City and Gyeongsangbuk-do
(vii) Busan Metropolitan City, Ulsan Metropolitan City and Gyeongsangnam-do
(viii) Gangwon-do
(ix) Jeju Special Self-Governing Province
(b) Workplace-based housing association: An association established by workers in the same workplace for the purpose of acquiring housing
(c) Housing remodeling association: An association established by the owners of multi-family housing to remodel such multi-family housing
The term "housing complex" means a group of land tracts used for the construction of housing, its appurtenant facilities and welfare facilities, or the preparation of a housing site after obtaining approval of a housing construction project plan or housing site preparation project plan referred to in Article 15: Provided, That land separated by the following facilities shall be deemed a separate housing complex, respectively:
(a) Railroads, expressways, or motorways
(b) General roads with a width of at least 20 meters
(c) Planned roads with a width of at least 8 meters in an urban plan
(d) Facilities prescribed by Presidential Decree, which correspond to those referred to in items (a) through (c)
The term "appurtenant facilities" means any of the following facilities or equipment attached to housing:
(a) Parking lots, a management office, fences, and roads within a housing complex
(b) Building equipment defined in Article 2 (1) 4 of the Building Act
(c) Facilities or equipment prescribed by Presidential Decree, which correspond to facilities or equipment provided for in items (a) and (b)
The term "welfare facilities" means any of the following common facilities, located in a housing complex for the life and welfare of residents, etc.:
(a) Children's playgrounds, neighboring living facilities, kindergartens, residents' sports facilities, and a hall for senior citizens
(b) Other common facilities prescribed by Presidential Decree for the life and welfare of residents, etc.
The term "infrastructure" means infrastructure defined in subparagraph 6 of Article 2 of the National Land Planning and Utilization Act
The term "key facilities" means roads, water supply systems, sewerage systems, electrical facilities, gas facilities, communications facilities, district heating facilities, etc.
The term "arterial facilities" means facilities which connect key facilities within a housing complex (where at least two housing complexes are simultaneously developed, referring to each housing complex), such as roads water supply systems sewerage systems electrical facilities gas facilities communications facilities district heating facilities, etc. to key facilities of the same kind outside such housing complex: Provided, That, in cases of gas facilities, communications facilities and district heating facilities, key facilities within the housing complex shall be included
The term "section of construction works" means a group of areas divided into at least two sections in compliance with standards prescribed by Presidential Decree within one housing complex, the reporting on the commencement of construction works and pre-use inspections for which may be separately implemented
The term multi-household units in multi-family housing means a housing unit complying with construction standards, installation standards, area standards, etc. prescribed by Presidential Decree, a portion of the inner space of which is structured for each household to live separately, where the ownership of a portion cannot be shared
The term "urban residential housing" means housing prescribed by Presidential Decree on a national standard housing scale with less than 300 households
The term "energy-saving eco-friendly housing" means housing constructed in a way that energy consumption or carbon dioxide emissions can be reduced using technologies prescribed by Presidential Decree, such as low-energy building technologies, and the kinds and scope thereof shall be prescribed by Presidential Decree
The term "health-friendly housing" means housing constructed in compliance with standards prescribed by Presidential Decree in a way that pollutants, etc. of indoor air may be minimized to create a healthy and pleasant indoor environment
The term "long-lasting housing" means housing which has a durable structure that can be maintained and managed for a long time, whose variability allowing easy alteration of internal structures as residential demand and ease of repair are excellent
The term "public housing site" means a site developed and prepared through any of the following public projects, where multi-family housing is constructed:
(a) A national housing construction project or housing site preparation project under Article 24 (2)
(b) A housing site development project under the Housing Site Development Promotion Act: Provided, That the foregoing shall not apply to any housing site utilized by a housing construction project operator, etc. under Article 7 (1) 4 of the same Act pursuant to Article 12 (5) of the same Act
(c) An industrial complex development project under the Industrial Sites and Development Act
(d) A public housing zone development project under the Special Act on Public Housing
(e) A project for the development of a district for promoting publicly supported private rental housing under the Special Act on Private Rental Housing (only applicable to a project which the project operator falling under Article 23 (1) 2 of the same Act implements by means of expropriation or use under Article 34 of the same Act)
(f) An urban development project under the Urban Development Act (only applicable to a project which the project operator falling under Article 11 (1) 1 through 4 of the same Act implements by means of expropriation or use under Article 21 of the same Act and a project which the aforesaid project operator implements in a zone to which a means of mixing expropriation and use is applied)
(g) A free economic zone development project under the Special Act on Designation and Management of Free Economic Zones (only applicable to a project implemented by means of expropriation or use and a project implemented in a zone to which a means of mixing expropriation and use is applied)
(h) An innovation city development project under the Special Act on the Construction and Development of Innovation Cities
(i) An administrative city construction project under the Special Act on the Construction of Administrative City in Yeongi-Gongju Area for Follow-up Measures for New Administrative Capital
(j) A project prescribed by Presidential Decree among public works projects referred to in Article 4 of the Act on Acquisition of and Compensation for Land for Public Works Projects
The term "remodeling" means any of the following acts to prevent the deterioration of a building or to improve the functions thereof pursuant to Article 66 (1) and (2):
(a) A large repair
(b) Expanding multi-family housing in which case 15 years (where the number of years is prescribed by Ordinance of the Special Metropolitan City, Metropolitan City, Special Self-Governing City, Do or Special Self-Governing Province (hereinafter referred to as "City/Do") between 15 and 20 years, referring to such number of years) have elapsed from the date of a pre-use inspection (where temporary use of all multi-family housing in the housing complex is approved, referring to the date of approval for such temporary use) under Article 49 or the date of approval for the use thereof under Article 22 of the Building Act within 30 percent (where the area of a household for residential use only is less than 85 square meters, within 40 percent) of the area of each household for residential use only (referring to the area of a space each household occupies exclusively, on a collective building register of the building registers under Article 38 of the Building Act). In such cases, any portion in common use may also be expanded separately to improve the functions of multi-family housing
(c) Increasing the number of households within 15 percent of the existing number of households within the aggregate of areas of all households under item (b) that may be expanded (hereinafter referred to as "remodeling to increase the number of households"): Provided, That increasing the number of stories (hereinafter referred to as "remodeling to increase the number of stories") shall be limited to cases where all of the following requirements are met:
(i) Not more than three stories shall be added within the scope prescribed by Presidential Decree
(ii) Requirements prescribed by Presidential Decree, such as the possession of blueprints of the building subject to remodeling, shall be met
The term "master plan for remodeling" means a plan to be formulated to systematically control urban overcrowding, simultaneous relocations, etc. due to remodeling projects to increase the number of households
The term "residents" means any of the following persons:
(a) In cases falling under Articles 8, 54, 88, 91, and 104: Persons provided with housing
(b) In cases falling under Article 66: The housing owners, or their spouses and lineal ascendants or descendants representing such owners
The term "users" means users defined in subparagraph 6 of Article 2 of the Multi-Family Housing Management Act
The term "management body" means a management body defined in subparagraph 10 Article 2 of the Multi-Family Housing Management Act.
The term "sports facilities" means a facility constantly used for sports activities (including a facility in which a person experiences as if he or she plays a real sports game in a virtual sports game environment using the information processing technology or mechanical equipment: Provided, That game products defined in subparagraph 1 of Article 2 of the Game Industry Promotion Act shall be excluded) and a subsidiary facility
A sports facility business entity shall have his or her sports facilities insured to compensate for any damage occurred in the sports facilities or in connection with the installation and operation of the sports facilities, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism: Provided, That the foregoing shall not apply to small-scale sports facility business entities prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism. Amended by Act No. 8852, Feb. 29, 2008
A person who fails to have a sports facility insured under Article 26
Where a sports facility business entity or a person obtained approval of a business plan has recruited members under Article 17 (1), he or she/it shall observe the matters prescribed by Presidential Decree for the purpose of protecting the rights and interests of members in cases of transfer and acquisition of membership refund of a membership fee issuance and confirmation of a membership certificate composition and function of a representative body of such members etc.
When he or she violates the matters concerning the protection of members under Article 18
Transfer and acquisition of membership: If any member intends to transfer his or her membership to another person, the sports facility business entity shall not restrict such transfer except when the transferee is found to be unqualified based on the eligibility restriction criteria set under subparagraph 2 (c) of Article 17 and if it receives money from the transferee of membership to cover any costs incurred in connection with the transfer and acquisition of membership, the amount shall not exceed the actual expenses incurred
Refund of membership fees for members whose membership expires on a specific date (hereinafter referred to as annual member): If an annual member requests a refund of his or her membership fees due to the expiration of his or her membership, the sports facility business entity shall refund such fees within ten days of request for such refund: Provided, That if there exist any terms and conditions that provide for the membership fee refunds, such terms and conditions shall apply
ID verification and issue of membership cards: The sports facility business entity shall prepare a membership card within 30 days of a members registration and issue it to such member after identity verification. The same shall apply to those members who have acquired membership by transfer
Representative body for members: If members request the formation of a steering committee, which is a representative body for members, the sports facility business entity shall allow the formation of such committee with at least ten members and have a prior discussion on any issues involving the rights and interests of members with the committee.
Before concluding an installment contract, an installment business operator shall indicate each of the following as prescribed by Ordinance of the Prime Minister so that consumers may understand the terms and conditions of the installment contract: Provided, That in cases of an indirect installment contract between a credit card holder and a credit card merchant under the Specialized Credit Finance Business Act, an installment business operator may not indicate the matters referred to in subparagraphs 3, 4, 6 and 7:
The type and details of the goods, etc.
Cash price (referring to the full price that shall be paid to the installment business operator when the consumer receives the goods, etc. without an installment contract hereinafter the same shall apply)
The amount of installments (referring to the total sum of down payment and installments that the consumer shall pay to the installment business operator or a credit provider hereinafter the same shall apply)
The amount of each installment, the number of payments, and the date of payment
The actual annual rate of an installment commission
Down payment (referring to a payment by the consumer to the installment business operator when he or she concludes the installment contract, regardless of its name, such as an initial payment, an advance payment, etc. hereinafter the same shall apply)
The rate applied in calculating damages for delay referred to in Article 12 (1).
A business operator who falls under the proviso to subparagraph 1 of Article 3 of the Act and who purchases goods, etc. (limited to the business relationship involving such goods, etc.)
The term "product" means movables which are industrially manufactured or processed (including movables incorporated into another movables or immovables)
The term "electronic transaction" means a transaction fully or partially conducted by an electronic document when buying and selling goods or services
The purpose of this Act is to contribute to the development of the national economy by clarifying the legal relevance of electronic documents and electronic transactions, ensuring the security and reliability of electronic documents and electronic transactions, and creating infrastructure for facilitating the use thereof.
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 11461, Jun. 1, 2012
The purpose of this Act is to contribute to improving citizens lives and enhancing public welfare by facilitating utilization of information and communications networks, protecting people using information and communications services, and developing an environment in which people can utilize information and communications networks in a healthier and safer way. Amended by Act No. 16955, Feb. 4, 2020
This Article Wholly Amended by Act No. 9119, Jun. 13, 2008
The term "electronic financial transaction" means any transaction whereby a financial company or an electronic financial business entity provides financial products and services through electronic apparatus (hereinafter referred to as "electronic financial business") and users use them in a non-facing and automated manner without any direct contact with employees of the financial company or electronic financial business entity
Any person who fails to clarify, explain, deliver, publish or notify the terms and conditions, in violation of Article 24 (1) or (3)
Where it or he or she has violated Article 6 (1) or (2), 16 (1) through (4), 19 (1), 21 (1) or (2), 21-5 (2), 35, 36, or 38 (3) or (4)
If any loss of monthly salary, after-tax monthly income, or average wage has been incurred due to medical treatment mentioned in subparagraph 1, non-duty compensation for the loss during the period of medical treatment
The terms used in this Act shall be defined as follows:
The term "electrical appliances" means industrially manufactured products that can be used by connecting to an alternating or direct current power source and components or parts of such products
The term "consumer products" means industrially manufactured products for consumer use without additional processing (excluding simple assembling) and components or parts of such products (excluding electrical appliances)
The term "production" means manufacturing, assembling, or processing electrical appliances or consumer products for the purpose of distributing or renting them
The term "safety control of products" means activities of controlling the production, importation, distribution, etc. of products to prevent hazards to the lives or health of consumers or damage to property or to the natural environment, which might arise in the course of handling and using products
The term "safety certification" means certifying the safety of a product after testing the product and assessing the factory of the product
The term "safety verification" means verifying whether a product conforms to safety standards as a result of a safety verification test conducted by a testing agency for safety verification
The term "supplier's declaration of conformity" means a supplier's declaration that any of its products conforms to safety standards by voluntarily testing the product or by requesting a third party to test the product
The term "product testing" means testing a product to verify the safety of the product itself
The term "factory assessment" means assessing manufacturing facilities, testing facilities, technical capacity and manufacturing systems necessary for manufacturing products
The term "products subject to safety certification" means the following electrical appliances and consumer products:
(a) Electrical appliances subject to safety certification: Electrical appliances specified by and approved under Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy as those from which hazards can be prevented through safety certification, where it is highly anticipated that the structure, usage, etc. of such electrical appliances will cause hazards, such as fire and electrocution
(b) Consumer products subject to safety certification: Consumer products specified by and approved under Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy as those from which hazards can be prevented through safety certification, where it is highly anticipated that the structure, materials, usage, etc. of such consumer products will harm the lives and bodies of consumers or cause damage to property or to the natural environment
The term "products subject to safety verification" means the following electrical appliances and consumer products:
(a) Electrical appliances subject to safety verification: Electrical appliances specified and approved by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy as those from which hazards can be prevented through product testing by an institution designated by the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy, where the structure, usage, etc. of such electrical appliances are likely to cause hazards, such as fire and electrocution
(b) Consumer products subject to safety verification: Consumer products specified and approved by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy as those from which hazards can be prevented through product testing by an institution designated by the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy, where the structure, materials, usage, etc. of such consumer products are likely to harm the lives and bodies of consumers or cause damage to property or to the natural environment
The term "products subject to the supplier's declaration of conformity" means the following electrical appliances and consumer products:
(a) Electrical appliances subject to the supplier's declaration of conformity: Electrical appliances specified and approved by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy as those from which hazards can be prevented through product testing directly by a manufacturer or an importer or by a third party at the request of a manufacturer or an importer, where the structure, usage, etc. of such electrical appliances are likely to cause hazards, such as fire and electrocution
(b) Consumer products subject to the supplier's declaration of conformity: Consumer products specified and approved by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy as those from which hazards can be prevented through product testing directly by a manufacturer or an importer or by a third party at the request of a manufacturer or an importer, where such consumer products are likely to cause an accident or harm consumers, while consumers handle, use, carry or manage them otherwise or where it is difficult for consumers to identify the difference in ingredients, performance, specifications, etc.
The term "consumer products subject to compliance with safety standards" means consumer products specified and approved by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy as those from which hazards can be prevented through the compliance with safety standards by the manufacturer or importer, where it is difficult for consumers to identify the difference in ingredients, performance, specifications, etc., although such consumer products are less likely to cause an accident or harm consumers, while consumers handle, use, carry or manage them otherwise
The term "child protective packaging" means packages and containers designed and devised to make it difficult for children aged under five years to take out contents therein within a certain period of time, although it is not difficult for adults to open them
The term "consumer products subject to child protective packaging" means consumer products specified by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy as those subject to child protective packaging, from among consumer products that are likely to cause hazards, such as poisoning, if a consumer drinks or inhales them
The term "buying services" means services provided by a person acting as an agent for a domestic consumer, upon the consumer's request for personal use, in the process of placing an order for a product sold overseas and paying the price for the product so as to make an arrangement with an overseas seller to dispatch the product directly to the consumer
The term "parallel importation" means that a third party who is not the exclusive licensee for the market within the territory of the Republic of Korea imports products produced and distributed by the holder of an overseas trade mark (limited to commodities with a trade mark affixed and distributed by the person who has the legal right to use the trade mark in foreign countries) for the purpose of sales.
Notwithstanding Article 5 (1), the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy may fully or partially exempt a product subject to safety certification from safety certification in any of the following cases, as prescribed by Presidential Decree:
Where any of the products specified by Presidential Decree is confirmed by the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy, from among products subject to safety certification, as a product manufactured or imported for the purpose of testing the product for research and development, exhibition, or safety certification, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy
Where any of the products specified by Presidential Decree is confirmed by the Special Metropolitan City Mayor, a Metropolitan City Mayor, a Special Self-Governing City Mayor, a Do Governor, or a Special Self-Governing Province Governor (hereinafter referred to as "Mayor/Do Governor"), from among products subject to safety certification, as a product imported for the purpose of exportation, as prescribed by Ordinance of the relevant Special Metropolitan City, Metropolitan City, Special Self-Governing City, Do or Special Self-Governing Province (hereinafter referred to as "City/Do")
Where a product subject to safety certification is manufactured for the purpose of exportation
Where the safety of a product is certified by any of foreign safety certification agencies specified and publicly notified by the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy under reciprocal recognition agreements between nations
Where a safety certification agency confirms conformity according to the results of a product test or factory assessment performed by a domestic or foreign institution with whom the safety certification agency has entered into a recognition agreement under Article 4 (3)
Where a manufacturer or an importer that has a testing capacity equal to or higher than the level specified by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy tests a product, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, and the safety certification agency confirms the conformity of the product
Where the safety of a product subject to safety certification has been confirmed and is imported through parallel importation, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy
Where a product subject to safety certification is imported or manufactured only once, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy
Other cases specified by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy as those where safety has been approved under any other statute.
A person who puts the safety certification mark or any similar mark or label, in violation of Article 9 (2)
A person who alters or removes the safety certification mark or a similar mark, without permission, in violation of Article 9 (3)
A person who sells or rents any electrical appliance subject to safety certification without the safety certification mark or a similar mark, or imports, displays, or stores such electrical appliances for the purpose of selling or renting such electrical appliance, in violation of Article 10 (1)
Notwithstanding Article 15 (1), in any of the following cases the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy may fully or partially exempt a person from the duty to report safety verification of products subject to safety verification, as prescribed by Presidential Decree:
Where a person has obtained confirmation from the Minister of Trade, Industry and Energy on the products specified by Presidential Decree, among those subject to safety verification, and produced or imported for the purpose of research and development, exhibition, or testing of products for reporting safety verification, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy
Where a person has obtained confirmation from a Mayor/Do Governor on the products specified by Presidential Decree, among those subject to safety verification, and produced or imported for the purpose of exportation, as prescribed by municipal ordinance of the relevant City/Do
Where products subject to safety verification are produced for the purpose of exportation
Where the relevant products have been confirmed by a domestic or overseas institution, with whom a testing agency for safety verification has an agreement for mutual recognition under Article 14 (3), as conforming products as a result of a product test conducted by the institution
Where a testing agency for safety verification verifies the relevant products as conforming products according to the results of a test conducted by the manufacturer or an importer with a testing capacity at a level equivalent to or higher than the level specified by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy
Where the safety of a product subject to safety certification has been confirmed and is imported through parallel importation, as prescribed by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy
Other cases specified by Ordinance of the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy as those where safety is approved under any other statute.
A person who sells or rents any electrical appliance subject to safety verification without the safety verification mark or a similar mark or imports, displays or stores such electrical appliance for the purpose of selling or renting the electrical appliance, in violation of Article 19 (1)
A person who fails to put the mark of child protective packaging, in violation of Article 33 (1)
A person who puts the mark of child protective packaging or any similar mark or label, in violation of Article 33 (2)
A manufacturer, importer or distributor of consumer products subject to child protective packaging shall neither sell any consumer product subject to child protective packaging without the mark of child protective packaging, nor import, display or store such product for the purpose of selling it.
A person who sells consumer products subject to child protective packaging without the mark of child protective packaging or imports, displays or stores such products for the purpose of selling them, in violation of Article 34.
