A marriage is void and invalid if it comes under any one of the following criteria : modified by Act No . 7427 , Mar . 31 , 2005
Where there is no agreement to meet between the parties
Where the marriage is in violation of Article 809 ( 1 )
Where there is or occurred between the parties the relationship of distant relatives by association
Where there was between the parties the relationship of direct blood cousins of the parent line .
Any person who is eighteen years old or older may enter into marriage .
This page is modified by Act No . 8720 , Dec. 21 , 2007
A child will receive the permission of both parents in order to meet . If one parent is unable to use the right of permission , the child must get the permission of the other parent , and if neither parent is able to use the right of permission , the child will get the permission of his or her father of major .
An older ward may marry upon securing the permission of his or her parents or older parent .
This is entirely modified by Act No . 10429 , Mar . 7 , 2011
A marriage may not be allowed between blood relatives ( including the blood relatives of an orphan before full separation ) within the eighth level of marriage .
This section was modified by Act No . 7427 , March 31 , 2005 according to the determination of interference with the Constitution which was made by the Constitutional Court on March 27 , 1997
A marriage may not be allowed between the parties who are or were such people by association as the parents of blood relatives within the sixth level of marriage , the blood family of the wife within the sixth sense of marriage , and the children of blood friends of the wife within the fourth kind of marriage .
A marriage may not be allowed between the parties who were the blood relatives of biological parent line within the sixth level of connection and the other friends of biological parent line within the fourth family of family .
This area entirely modified by Act No . 7427 , Mar . 31 , 2005
No one who has a wife will enter into another marriage .
Legal effect taken by family of cousins shall apply to the following persons unless this Act or other Acts provide otherwise :
Blood relatives within the eighth kind of relationship
close relatives within the fourth level of family
wife .
This act entirely altered by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990
If there are such parents as found in Article 1000 ( 1 ) 1 and 2 , the wife of the parent becomes a partner , in the same order as the said parent . If there is no heir , the husband becomes the only heir . introduced by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990
In the case mentioned in Article 1001 , the wife of the dead or the divorced person , before the beginning of estate , becomes a parent in the same order as the ones found in the same order . If there is no heir , the wife becomes the only owner . modified by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990
the property owning to either husband or wife from the time before the marriage and property gained during the marriage in his or her own name will represent his or her unique property .
Any property , of which title is unknown between the husband and wife , must be assumed to be in their possession . introduced by Act No . 3051 , Dec. 31 , 1977
If , with regard to normal home affairs , one wife has done a legal act with a third person , the other wife will be simultaneously and individually responsible for the responsibility here : Provided , That this will not apply where a recent notice , to the effect that the other person will not accept such responsibility , has been clearly given to the third person .
The costs necessary for collective life of husband and wife shall be simultaneously and subsequently taken by them , unless a special agreement has been made between them .
This page is modified by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990
A request to the court for recognition of a marriage may be made under any one of the following provisions : modified by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990 Act No . 7427 , Mar . 31 , 2005
Where a marriage is in breach of the regulations of rules 807 through 809 ( including the cases falling under the void of marriage under Article 815 and in Articles 817 and 820 the same will use ) or 810
When at the time of marriage one of the parties was aware that the other party had been dying from a cancer illness or had any other serious reason which would make personal life unable to continue
When the statement of purpose to meet has been made by fraud or fraud .
The divorce of a marriage will not be fully active .
The female parents of a parent who does not raise children may request the Family Court to grant custody with the children , where the parent is unable to visit the children due to death or any other such situation such as sickness and detention abroad . In such cases , the Family Court will take into account circumstances such as the purpose of the children , the relationship between the receiving person and the children , and the reasons for the demand . Newly introduced by Act No . 14278 , Dec. 2 , 2016
Husband and wife may get a divorce by agreement .
Either husband or wife may apply to the Family Court for a marriage in each case of the these cases : modified by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990
If the other wife has done an act of adultery
If one wife has been deliberately abandoned by the other husband
If one wife has been severely treated by the other wife or his or her own ancestors
If one partner 's female descendant has been equally attacked by the other husband
If the death or life of the other wife has been known for three years
If there is any other serious cause for making it difficult to continue the marriage .
Article 806 shall apply lex ratio to the charges for compensation from a legal marriage , Article 837 to the obligation of raising children following a legal marriage , Article 837-2 to the custody rights following a legal marriage , Article 839-2 to the case for division of property following a legal marriage , and Article 839-3 to the right to cancel a fraudulent act for the reason of maintaining the reasons for division of property following legal separation .
This is totally modified by Act No . 11300 , Feb. 10 , 2012
A contract becomes active when one of the parties has agreed to allow the other party to use an object and take benefits from , and the latter has agreed to pay money for it .
it will be paid at the end of each month in the case of a fixed , a building , or a building site , and at the end of each year in the case of any other land : Provided , That in the case of a used subject which has a crop year , rent will be paid , without cause , upon the close of such a season .
In the case of the rent of a building or any other space , if the amount of price in possession is the price for two times , the landlord may cancel the deal for the future .
If part of the rented object has become useless , or has become difficult to take money from , due to loss or any other cause other than the fault of the tenant , the landlord may request a reduction of the cost in relation to the part which has been lost .
If , as stated in section ( 1 ) , the remaining part of the purpose is not enough to allow the tenant to achieve the aim for which the contract has been made , the owner may terminate the contract for the future .
If the delivery of a certain thing is the object of a claim , the company is tied to protect such thing with the care of a good manager until it is sold .
If things are necessary to the rented object or a third person has a right over it , the owner shall inform the owner of without delay : Provided , That this will not apply if the owner has prior information of this knowledge .
The owner may not answer to a person who does any act considered necessary for the protection of the object rented .
A landlord is tied to deliver the object to the owner , to keep rules necessary for the use and taking costs of the rented object while the rent is in force .
A landlord may not offer his rights or sell the rented object without the permission of the owner .
If the owner breaks the terms of sentence ( 1 ) , the owner may cancel the deal for the future .
If the defendant does an act of destruction against the will of the owner and the owner is thus unable of reaching the purpose for which the rent has been acquired , the owner may cancel the agreement for the future .
If one of the parties rejects a deal for the future , the agreement will lose its effect for the future .
payment for the future or termination of a contract will not affect any claim for losses .
One of the parties to a positive agreement may deny performance of his own duty until the other party reports execution of his responsibility : Provided , That this will not apply where the requirement of the other party is not due .
If one of the parties to a deal is forced to render execution of his own duty first to the other party , and if there is any major cause present by which the other party 's work becomes difficult , the body of the following section shall apply .
Any contract signed by the parties in violation of the regulations of Articles 627 , 628 , 631 , 635 , 638 , 640 , 641 , and 643 through 647 which is unacceptable to either the owner or owner will be invalid .
If the owner of a building or any other building has attached an object to such a building , etc . with the permission of the owner for the advantage of the tenant 's use , the owner may request that the owner buy such objects at the time when the contract of rent ends .
The regulations of the following section will apply to the equipment bought from the owner .
If no period for a lease has been fixed , either party may give notice to the other party at any time to terminate the rent for the future .
termination of the rent for the future will be active upon the termination of the times described in each of the following sections , from the day on which the other party has received the notice stated in section ( 1 ) :
Six months , if the owner has given notice of termination of the rent to the tenant , and one month , if the owner has given letter of termination of the rent to the owner , in the case of land , building and any other building
Five days in the case of a fixed .
A deal for work becomes active when one of the parties has agreed to do a certain job and the other has agreed to pay compensation for the result of such work .
The payment will be made together with the execution of the finished object of the work : Provided , That if the execution of the object of the work is not required , it will be paid without wait after the work has been done .
The regulations of Article 656 ( 2 ) shall apply as ratio to the terms mentioned in section ( 1 ) .
The regulations of Articles 667 and 668 will not work if the fault in the finished matter of the work has occurred through the nature of the supplies provided by the person who ordered the work , or by reason of orders given by him : Provided , That this will not apply if the engineer , knowing the nature of the resources or instructions , has failed to inform the person who ordered the work .
Even where there was a special contract between the parties that the owner will not be tied by any obligations mentioned in Articles 667 and 668 , he may not be relieved of obligations with regard to the problems in service or items of which he was aware and nevertheless failed to give notice .
One 's family ancestors and such ancestors will be one 's closest blood relatives . One 's brothers and sisters , brother 's and sister 's direct ancestors , brothers and sisters of one 's direct ancestors and such brother 's and sister 's direct relatives will be called primary blood members . approved by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990
No person who comes under any one of the following conditions may become the heir : modified by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990 Act No . 7427 , Mar . 31 , 2005
A person who has either killed or tried to kill a natural heir , the heir , his or her wife , or any person who has responsibility or is in the same order of execution
A person who has deliberately attacked a family heir , the heir or his or her wife , and caused their death
A person who conflicts by deception or force with a will or loss of a will on estate of the estate
A person who , by mistake or force , has the owner make a will on his or her estate
A person who makes , creates , kills or hides a will on estate of the estate .
If an actor fails to effect performance in agreement with the manner and effect of the duty , the plaintiff may claim rights : Provided , That this will not apply to where production has become difficult and where this is not due to the defendant 's purpose or liability .
Any person who causes losses to or causes wounds on another person by an illegal act , deliberately or accidentally , shall be forced to make payment for injuries resulting here .
The payment for losses resulting from the performance of an duty should be limited to normal actions .
The plaintiff is responsible for compensation for losses that have occurred through special circumstances , only if he had predicted or could have predicted such circumstances .
A contract will become active when the parties have agreed to end a conflict between them by common sacrifices .
A deal of a contract may not be terminated on the ground of a mistake : Provided , That this will not be the case where such a problem is involved with the things subject to the application of either party of a contract or any things other than those which are relevant to the matter due to the dispute .
A legal act which has clearly lost justice through forced circumstances , negligence , or ignorance of the parties shall be void and meaningless .
If a period has been determined by the day , week , month or year , the first day of such period will not be included in the calculations : Provided , That this will not apply if the period ends at midnight .
Where the last day of a period fell on a Saturday or a national day , such period will progress on the following day . modified by Act No . 8720 , Dec. 21 , 2007
The means of calculating the period of time will be defined by the regulations of this Chapter , unless it is otherwise granted by laws by a legal decision or a legal act .
If a period has been determined by the day , week , month or year , the period will progress upon the end of the last day of such period .
If the execution of an action of one of the parties to a foreign agreement becomes difficult by any cause for which the plaintiff is responsible , the plaintiff may request compensation . The same applies to cases where service becomes difficult by any cause for which neither of the parties is responsible in the case of normal contract .
In the cases of the following section if the plaintiff has received any advantage by being discharged of his own duty , he may return such benefit to the plaintiff .
A person will seek the permission of his or her law agent to execute any legal act : Provided , That decisions will be made where the legal act involved is one only to obtain rights or to be discharged from duties .
Any act done in breach of the requirement of the following section is illegal .
A person affecting change may request a payment from the person receiving the service .
The legal prohibition of a prescription will become complete if not granted for a period of ten years .
A loan for supply becomes active when one of the parties decides to shift the possession of money , or any other alternative , to the other party , and the other party agrees to return the same amount of money or the same kind , quality , and amount of any supply afterwards .
If the security has weakened , reduced or destroyed the security
If the government has failed to execute the duty of providing the security .
The company may be freed from responsibility to provide a security by providing other suitable security in place of .
The company may be freed from responsibility to provide a security by providing other suitable security in place of .
The company may be freed from responsibility to provide a security by providing other suitable security in place of .
An absence of treatment against the chief which will also be active as against the proof .
If each of the several parties has the duty to do the entire duty , and the service by one of the two fires the other 's responsibility , the action will be a joint and several responsibility .
The ground for destroying or preventing a legal act in respect to one of the persons jointly and repeatedly responsible , will not change the others ' responsibility .
The purchase , loss of , or any change in , a real right by a legal act over an object takes effect upon its transfer .
A defendant is entitled to seek relief of his case in respect to other debts out of the property which has been provided by the owner or by a third person as security without moving its possession .
A loan will carry the interest , interest , punishment , injuries resulting from the performance of the duty , and the cost for the operation of the loan . Where the payment for losses is reduced , a loan can be granted only as respects the amounts due in respect of one year after the period of time for the execution of the mortgage .
A promise will become active upon the transfer to the buyer of the subject of promise .
Unless otherwise provided by an agreement , a promise shall hold the chief , interest , punishment , cost for execution of the promise , cost for protection of the promised item , and the losses resulting from the failure of the requirement or from the errors in the promised object .
it must be made by way of actual sacrifice in full agreement with the performance of the obligation : Provided , That where the defendant already failed its offer or where an act of the actor is required for the performance of the duty , it will be necessary to tell the plaintiff that all arrangements have been made for it , and give a formal notice to him of its rejection .
A contract of service will remove the employer from duty for performance as from the time of such contract .
In the presence of a special contract , the costs of production must be carried by the actor : Provided , That where the cost of production is changed by changing the person 's residence or by his any other act , the amount of such increase will be taken by the contractor .
A service made to a client of the case is successful only if it was done in good faith and without accident .
A service made to the bearer of a payment will be valid even where he is not allowed to receive it : Provided , That this will not apply to where the person making execution was aware or should have been aware of the fact that the person did not have such power .
only in the cases mentioned in the following two Articles , a service made to a person who is not allowed to take it is active only to the effect that the person has been treated thus .
If an officer gives to the same person several duties whose matter is of the same kind , and the offer of service is sufficient to release them all , the person doing production may , at the time of service , determine the responsibility to be removed by requesting service for it .
If the person receiving performance makes no such judgment as described in the following section , the person receiving the service may at the time of application declare an duty to be removed by way of service : Provided , That this will not apply if the person making it immediately objects to such identification and authorization .
The authorization of service found in the following two sections will be done by a statement of purpose made to the other party .
Where an actor has , with the permission of the court , done act of service different from , and in replacement for the one previously meant , such act will be considered legitimate performance . revised by Act No . 12881 , Dec. 30 , 2014
A sale be made by means of a statement of purpose to the other party . No condition may be added , nor a time be held , to such statement of purpose .
A case with completed original medication may be used for a cure if it had been able to be used before prior to the end of treatment .
A case with completed original medication may be used for a cure if it had been able to be used before prior to the end of treatment .
A case with completed original medication may be used for a cure if it had been able to be used before prior to the end of treatment .
A third person under the order may not set up against his wife who asked such order any protection of property thus acquired by him .
If the new responsibility created from a contract does not come into reality or has been prevented by reason of absence of its cause or of any situation of which the parties were not aware , the old responsibility shall not be erased .
If the new responsibility created from a contract does not come into reality or has been prevented by reason of absence of its cause or of any situation of which the parties were not aware , the old responsibility shall not be erased .
If the parties have passed into a contract by which the important aspects of the responsibility are altered , such liability will be destroyed by replacement .
The parties to a contract may move the security for the old agreement to that of the new responsibility , within the limit of its intention : Provided , That if the security has been provided by a third person , his permission must be sought .
The parties to a contract may move the security for the old agreement to that of the new responsibility , within the limit of its intention : Provided , That if the security has been provided by a third person , his permission must be sought .
If a case and the associated duty become invested in one and the same person , the claim will be terminated : Provided , That this will not apply if such claim itself is a matter of a third person 's right .
If there is a text expressing the responsibility , the person doing execution in full may request the return of such paper . This will also apply where the responsibility has been destroyed in full by any cause other than execution .
If there is a text expressing the responsibility , the person doing execution in full may request the return of such paper . This will also apply where the responsibility has been destroyed in full by any cause other than execution .
If there are no special regulations of Acts in respect of the Deposit Office , the court must , on the request of the person making service , identify a Deposit Office and hire a guardian of the stored section .
Until the owner has given his permission to the deposit or has informed the Deposit Office of the receipt of the transferred item or a judgment making the payment legal has become final and final , the customer may retrieve the paid piece and , in such case , the payment is considered not to have been made .
The prior section will not use where a promise or a loan has been terminated by making a deposit .
The effective treatment of cases described in the following sections will become complete if not held for a period of three years : modified by Act No . 5454 , Dec. 13 , 1997
Interest , support charges , wages , expenses , and other charges claiming for the payment of money or other things within a time limit of one year
Claims of medical professionals , doctors , doctors , and doctors , for medical care , medical services , and delivery of drugs
Claims of workers , experts , and people involved in planning or monitoring works , for the completion of their works
Claims against lawyers , land officers , attorneys public , registered public officers , and registered legal clerks , for the return of documents kept in connection with their services
Claims of lawyers , commercial officers , attorneys public , qualified public officers , and registered legal officers , for their services
goods received in return for products and goods sold by farmers and businessmen
Claims of workers and farmers for their works .
involvement in these cases will have no effect of stopping treatment if those matters are stopped by a client or if his request for action is dismissed .
An order for delivery will have no effect of stopping it if it accounts for the plaintiff 's inability to apply for temporary delivery within the period of time given by law .
A motion for peace will have no effect of stopping treatment , unless an action is taken within one month and the other party does not exist or a solution is not arrived at . The same shall apply in the case of a forced presence where a solution is not arrived at .
A general notice will have no effect of stopping medication unless a request by legal action , involvement in financial litigation , a warrant for sacrifice or a forced disposition for the same reason , an arrangement , a temporary arrangement or a temporary arrangement is taken within six months .
An arrangement , a temporary arrangement , or a temporary arrangement , shall have no effect of stopping medication if cancelled on the request of the victim or by reason of comply with any section of Acts .
An arrangement , a temporary arrangement , or a temporary arrangement , if not made against the person in whose support medication is running , will not have the effect of stopping medication until such person has been informed of .
In order to make an apology , having the effect of stopping medication , no ability or responsibility for action in respect of the rights of the other party is required .
the medicine can be stopped in any of the following cases :
the
disposition , temporary arrangement or temporary condition
no .
An offer of a deal may not be rejected .
Except as otherwise created for by this Act , the regulations of the Judicial Conciliation of Civil Disputes Act shall apply to methods to family dispute : Provided , That sections 18 and 23 of the supreme court of Civil litigation Act will not allow to ratio .
This section is modified by Act No . 10212 , Mar . 31 , 2010
Except as otherwise listed in this Act , the rules for family lawsuit will be controlled by the sections of the Civil Procedure Act : Provided , That sections 147 ( 2 ) , 149 , 150 ( 1 ) , 284 ( 1 ) , 285 , 349 , 350 , 410 of the Civil Procedure Act , the regulations regarding the determination of matters from among those of Article 220 of the said Act , and the regulations regarding the admissions from among those of Article 288 of the said Act , do not extend to cases of family cases of Category A and Category B .
This page totally modified by Act No . 10212 , Mar . 31 , 2010
Where it fell under any of the following conditions , a suit will be considered to have been submitted at the time a request for assistance is received :
Where there is a decision not to continue with litigation according to Article 26
Where a case is ended by the failure of enforcement under Article 27
Where an objection is submitted within the period described in Article 34 ( 1 ) against the judgment in charge of compensation under Article 30 or 32 .
Where a suit should be considered to be conducted at the time a request for assistance according to section ( 1 ) is presented , the amount of the bill will be increased to represent the amount of the note to be attached to the claim less the amount of the card attached to the written request for judgment .
This page is modified by Act No . 10200 , Mar . 31 , 2010
The reason of this Act is to settle civil matters in an adequate , fair , prompt , and intelligent way while concerning efforts of parties for the spontaneous and independent solution of issues in agreement with court rules . modified by Act No . 16910 , Feb. 4 , 2020
This page totally modified by Act No . 10200 , Mar . 31 , 2010
it will be properly formed by leaving in the general document the things agreed upon between the parties .
This page is modified by Act No . 10200 , Mar . 31 , 2010
With respect to cases where agreement has not been reached or where the terms of contract are considered appropriate , a court judge may make judgments to assure a fair solution of the case , taking into account ex ex the interests of parties and all other relevant circumstances to the effect not opposed to the intent of the request for action . introduced by Act No . 16910 , Feb. 4 , 2020
This page is modified by Act No . 10200 , Mar . 31 , 2010
If a case fell under any of the following , and a hearing judge makes no decision under Article 30 , he or she will end such case as failed by :
If the parties fail to reach agreement
If the details of arrangement are considered appropriate .
This page entirely modified by Act No . 10200 , Mar . 31 , 2010
Parties to a civil conflict may file a request for reconciliation with a court . introduced by Act No . 16910 , Feb. 4 , 2020
This act totally modified by Act No . 10200 , Mar . 31 , 2010
The court official of Grade , etc . visiting court shall prepare a court policy : Provided , That he or she may miss a part of its substance with consent of a court judge .
This act totally modified by Act No . 10200 , Mar . 31 , 2010
A criminal case must be under the responsibility of the general court , the service court of the county court , the Si court , or the Gun court ( sometimes called to as `` Si/Gun court '' ) , which has the responsibility over places falling under any of the following sections :
The place of general venue of a defendant under sections 3 through 6 of the Civil Procedure Act
The place of business or business office of a person
The place of work of a person
The location of the place of claims
The place where damage happens .
despite section ( 1 ) , a particular case may be placed under the responsibility of an equally qualified court of a case similar to , or a court decided by agreement of parties .
This section totally modified by Act No . 10200 , Mar . 31 , 2010
it will have the same effect as a decision in court .
This act totally modified by Act No . 10200 , Mar . 31 , 2010
A request for divorce may be written in writing or verbal .
When making a request online , the person must make a decision in the person of a court official of Grade , , or ( also known to as `` court official of Grade , etc . `` ) .
In cases falling under section ( 2 ) , a court official of Grade , etc . shall prepare a document describing the request for reconciliation , and sign his or her name and sign his or her mark to .
In writing a request for relief , costs must be paid , as proposed by the Supreme Court Regulations .
This page totally modified by Act No . 10200 , Mar . 31 , 2010
The meeting date for procedure must be known to the parties .
confirmation of the meeting date for hearing may be made in any appropriate way , such as the service of a court of warrant .
Where both parties appear before the court and file a request for reconciliation , the meeting date for appeal will be the date of the request , in the presence of special circumstances .
This page is modified by Act No . 10200 , Mar . 31 , 2010
A decision will take effect by a declaration of .
A complaint will be initiated by writing a written report with a court .
When no argument has been made against a compensation order , or an objection has been removed , or a decision of dismissal has become final and final , the said payment order will take the same effect as a final and final decision .
General area of a person will be identified by his or her residence : Provided , That where the person has no residence in the Republic of Korea or his or her residence is known , it will be decided according to his or her location , and if the location is fixed or unknown , it must be decided according to his or her last residence .
General case of a legal person or any other organization or cause will be decided according to the place where its chief office or business place is located , and in cases where there is no office and business place , it will be decided according to the residence of the person presently in charge of its duties .
In cases where the regulations of section ( 1 ) are applied to a foreign legal person and any other foreign organization or base , their general forums shall be decided according to their headquarters , business places , or the homes of the people in charge of their functions , in the Republic of Korea .
In a written case , the parties and their law agents , and the case and counts of the case will be recorded .
regulations regarding to formal documents shall apply in media to a written case .
A court will serve a copy of a written case on the victim .
The regulations of Article 254 ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) shall apply to corpus where a copy of a written report is unable to be served .
Where a plaintiff challenges the claim of a defendant , he or she will file a written plea within 30 days from the date of getting a service of a copy of the written claim : Provided , That the same will not use where the plaintiff has received a service of a copy of the written claim by the means of a service by public notice .
The court must , when receiving a copy of the written report , tell the plaintiff of the meaning of section ( 1 ) .
The court will serve a copy of the written case on the defendant .
The regulations referring to the first paper will apply to the written case .
A court may , when a plaintiff has failed to prepare a written case under Article 256 ( 1 ) , make a judgment without holding any proceedings by declaring that he or she has admitted the facts representing the counts of the claim : Provided , That the same will not use where there are any things to be considered ex out , or where the defendant has presented a written evidence with a view that he or she challenges the claim of a defendant until a decision is made .
The regulations of section ( 1 ) shall apply in only to the time when the plaintiff presents a written case with a view of admitting all the facts of the counts of the claim and continues to make a single judgment .
The court may , when receiving a copy of the written report on the victim , simultaneously inform him or her of the date of making a decision without holding any arguments under the terms of sections ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .
The sitting judge will determine the date for prosecution immediately , except where an appeal is given without arguing according to Article 257 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) : Provided , That this will not apply where it is required to bring a case to the formal courts for prosecution .
The leading judge may , where the primary trials for arguing are completed , identify the date for it immediately .
This is totally modified by Act No . 9171 , Dec. 26 , 2008
papers will be filed in such a way that the other party may have enough period to prepare for the things as described here , and the court will serve a copy of on the other party .
An inspection of witnesses and parties shall be typically done after the charges and conclusions of the parties have been determined .
A court will , after conclusion of its work on lawsuit , provide a final decision .
The costs of court to be carried by the parties in cases of a full failure will be decided by the court : based on situation , the court may charge either of the parties with the whole of the costs .
An objection will be filed within two weeks from the date on which the written verdict has been served : Provided , That this will not require the application of an objection prior to the service of the written judgment .
The period under section ( 1 ) shall be an irregular period .
Except for members entitled to carry the government acts according to Acts , no person may become an agent , other than lawyers .
Where a party could not enjoy an unlimited period due to any cause not related to himself , he or she may later complete the lawsuit which he or she failed to perform , within two weeks from the date on which such cause begins to exist : Provided , That for a party who was in a different country at the time such a cause was terminated , such period will be set for 30 days .
The regulations of Article 172 will not apply to the period under sentence ( 1 ) .
For the case awaiting before a court , neither party will approach any suit again .
An urgent objection will be made within one week from the date of announcing the case .
The period under section ( 1 ) shall be an absolute period .
In cases of an illegal case whose problems are not resolved , such case may be dismissed by a court without holding any proceedings .
A court will not make any decision on things which have not been argued by the parties .
An argument to the Supreme Court may be brought only when including as the reasons for that there has been a violation of the Constitution , Acts , executive documents , or rules , which has caused the decision .
When there is in a decision any one ground of the following sections , it will be considered that there is a legitimate ground in the argument to the Supreme Court :
When an appeal court has not been established in connection with the regulations of Acts
When a judge , who is eligible to take part in a decision according to the requirements of Acts , has assisted in the decision
When the regulations as to an original responsibility have been breached
When there is any error in giving a legal defense right , powers of counsel , or a special power for the lawsuit by a member
When the regulations for opening the case to the public have been breached
When the reasons for a decision are not understood , or contain any distinction .
The terms of section ( 1 ) 4 shall not apply when there has been a passage according to the regulations of Article 60 or 97 .
A suit of appeal must be presented within 30 days from the date the party has become aware of the reasons for a judgment after the verdict became final and final .
The period under section ( 1 ) shall be an irregular period .
When five years have passed after a decision became final and final , no case of relief that will be filed .
When reasons for appeal have existed after the decision became final and final , the period of section ( 3 ) will be determined from the date on which such matters have occurred .
A decision will not become final and final during the period in which an objection may be filed or when a legal action is called within such period .
With respect to a case trying at the payment of a certain amount of money or other goods or stocks , the court may , upon a request of a party , order a payment order : Provided , That it will be included where a service other than that by public notice may be done in the Republic of Korea .
As for a civil matter , a party may file a move for peace with the general court in the place where the general venue of the other party is located , by providing the type and counts of a petition and the circumstances of the matter .
A party will not trust the other party with the right to hire a delegate for the sacrifice under section ( 1 ) .
The court may , if considered necessary , order the presence of the party himself or herself or his or her legal agent , in order to investigate whether or not the right of association appears .
The regulations referring to the lawsuit may apply per minus to a move for peace , unless they are common to the nature of peace .
these methods will be due to an original responsibility of the local court in the location of the defendant 's general court , or of the responsible court under the terms of Article 7 through 9 , 12 or 18 .
A complaint against a person who works permanently in an office or business place may be taken to the court having the authority over the site of such office or business place .
A case regarding a property right may be made to the court having the responsibility over the place of home or the place of duty service .
A complaint regarding papers or bills may be brought to the court located in the place of delivery of .
A complaint regarding the affairs of an office or business place against a person who kept such an office or business place may be come to the court located in the place of such an office or business place .
A case regarding a crime may be taken to the court in the place of an act .
A case for injuries due to a crash of ships or planes or any other accident may be brought to the court in the place where the ships or planes involved in disasters first arrived .
The regulations referring to a suit will apply as ratio to a request for the delivery order in so far as they are not necessary to the nature of the delivery order .
A delivery order may be granted without asking the owner .
A money order will contain an account of the parties , their legal agents , and the part and counts of the claim , and an extra admission to the effect that the defendant is allowed to bring an issue within two weeks from the date of receiving the service of the money order .
The period under section ( 1 ) shall be an absolute period .
Where a party has filed a petition for establishing a case under Article 466 ( 1 ) , or where a court makes a decision to place the case of seeking a settlement order to court rules under Article 466 ( 2 ) , the case will be considered to have been initiated when a request for a delivery order was submitted .
Where a person has raised a legal objection against the delivery order , it will be considered that a case has been filed for the value of the claim 's objects , which have been called an issue , when a request for a delivery order was made .
A suit regarding a property right against a person who has no residence in the Republic of Korea or against a person whose home is known , may be come to the court located in the place of the objects of a suit or those of the security , or any other property of a defendant .
A court may , upon deposit of an order from the court to correct the defendant 's account , file a request for establishing a case .
When it is difficult to serve the money order without applying to a service by public notice , or when it must be served to a foreign state , the court may place the case to legal methods by its ex sole ruling .
No objection will be made against the ruling under section ( 2 ) .
A court may allow a lawsuit aid , either ex se or upon request of a person who is short of the capacity to pay the costs of suit : Provided , That the same will not use where it is clear that the suit will fail .
The owner under section ( 1 ) shall prove the reason for such aid .
A decision on the legal aid will be made by the court which kept the record of proceedings .
Detailed information on the general aspects of the conditions for legal aid as described in section ( 1 ) and the methods for such aid will be determined by the Supreme Court Regulations .
principal cases for these will work , with setting a period , by means of making the parties present the documents and other papers or trade them between themselves , or having them apply for inspection of evidence to prove the accused facts .
The progress of the cases for prosecution will be under the charge of the sitting judge .
For the case ruled over by a professional jury , the sitting judge may identify a member of the academic board as a appointed judge , and have him or her take charge of the formal activities for filing .
The sitting judge may , if considered necessary , send another judge with the work of the courts for complaints .
The senior judge , inc . may open a date for formal meeting and have the parties attend there , if considered necessary for organizing the charges and facts during the course of the formal sessions for sessions .
If four months have passed without any identification of the date for primary filing after the case was put to the principal sessions for defendants , the sitting judge , etc . will immediately identify the date for primary prosecution or close the formal sessions for cases .
The parties may meet on the date for the complaint together with a third party , by receiving a license of the ruling judge , etc .
The parties will order and report the charges and cases necessary for a course of proceedings , not later than the end of the date for the filing .
The sitting judge , etc . may take all steps necessary to prepare for a hearing , not later than the end of the date for the complaint .
A court will , when it has finished the principal operations for proceedings , assure that the cases are to be closed soon after going through the first date for prosecution , and the parties shall proceed here .
The parties will state the results of the date for formal proceedings at the date for and after a result of the date for pending proceedings .
The court will immediately do , on the date for proceedings , an inspection of proof according to the results as fixed in the proper rules for cases .
When a person looking for right of registration receives the name , the Minister of Justice will without wait inform the head of the family record office at the place of registration of such fact , and must make public information of in the official bulletin . approved by royal Decree No . 29372 , Dec. 18 , 2018
This page is modified by federal Decree No . 25384 , Jun . 17 , 2014
When a person asking for leave of return of residence loses the residence , the Minister of Justice will without delay tell the head of the family record office at the place of recording of such fact , and make public announcement of in the official bulletin .
This page fully revised by royal Decree No . 29372 , Dec. 18 , 2018
This page fully revised by royal Decree No . 29372 , Dec. 18 , 2018
When the head of an intelligence office , etc . gets an action as described in sentence ( 1 ) , he or she will send such information to the Minister of Justice without hesitation : Provided , That where any investigation , inspection , testing , or other measure is required as recommended by the Minister of Justice , he or she will send it , together with his or her decision after following such practice . Newly created by federal Decree No . 22588 , Dec. 31 , 2010 Presidential Decree No . 28870 , May 8 , 2018
This page completely modified by government Decree No . 21061 , Oct. 6 , 2008
`` Person proposed by royal Decree '' in Article 10 ( 2 ) 5 of the Act means any of the following people : modified by royal Decree No . 28255 , Aug. 29 , 2017
A person who found it difficult to declare a foreign citizenship because of laws and facilities of the foreign country or a person who is considered to be in circumstances relating thereto
A person who has written papers stating the specific problems in following the practice for declaring identity within the period prescribed in Article 10 ( 1 ) of the Act , because of the laws and system of the said foreign country , in fact that he or she has begun a case for declaring citizenship of the concerned foreign country within three months after gaining the citizenship of the Republic of Korea .
When a person falling under section ( 1 ) 2 begins the case for losing a foreign country , he or she will present his or her proof , etc . of declaration of citizenship to the Minister of Justice without wait .
This section totally modified by the law No . 22588 , Dec. 31 , 2010
With respect to a person who fell under any section of Article 12 ( 3 ) of the Act before he or she becomes his or her full 20 years of age , the period described in the main paragraph of Article 12 ( 2 ) of the same Act will be numbered from the time he or she reaches his or her full 20 years of age .
The Minister of Justice may , if necessary to establish identity , request the head of a certain agency to examine the personal and legal records , and statistics of his or her country , or provide an answer regarding subject matters for decision .
The Minister of Justice may , if necessary , request an agent for decision of citizenship to state his or her advice or prepare additional documents .
The Minister of Justice will decide whether an individual currently has the citizen of the Republic of Korea after investigating the following things :
The family 's family line
Grounds for asylum
Whether the citizenship of the Republic of Korea is gained
Whether any records showing the loss of the citizenship of the Republic of Korea by reason that he or she obtained a foreign citizenship after gaining the citizenship of the Republic of Korea exist .
When the Minister of Justice finds that an officer for decision of citizenship currently has the citizenship of the Republic of Korea , he or she will inform the candidate and the head of the family record office at his or her place of residence of without wait , and make public information of in the Official Gazette .
A person who is due to decision under section ( 4 ) may create a new family list under the Act on the recognition of Family connection without following a different case for the administration of citizenship .
This page was modified by government Decree No . 22750 , Mar . 29 , 2011
The sorts of effects proposed in this Act will be as follows :
Old age insurance
Disability money
Survivor retirement
price discount .
Korean people living in the Republic of Korea over the age of 18 and below the age of 60 will be available to join in the National Pension Plan : Provided , That the following do not apply to public officials , military staff , school students and staff , and staff of special post offices ruled by the Public Officials Pension Act , the Military Pension Act , the Pension for Private School Teachers and Staff Act , and the Special Post Offices Act , simultaneously , and other people recommended by executive order . approved by Act No . 14214 , May 29 , 2016
Where a person who uses or joined in the National Pension Plan fell under any of the following cases , he or she may get a cash payment at the request of the person himself or herself or his or her families : approved by Act No . 14214 , May 29 , 2016
When a person who has joined in the National Pension Plan for less than ten years becomes the age of 60
When a person who supports or involved in the National Pension Plan dies : Provided , That the following will not hold where victim claims are paid according to Article 72
When the person takes his or her citizenship or moves abroad .
The amount of a cash charge under section ( 1 ) shall be the amount of retirement costs paid by a currently or formerly employer ( including the company commitment in cases of a currently or formerly employer employed person ) plus interest determined by Presidential Decree .
Where the payment of a cash payment is sought according to section ( 1 ) , Article 73 shall apply ratio ratio to the range of victims , the order of claim order , etc .
in Article 6 , a person worked in a job controlled by this Act or located in the Republic of Korea , other than a person designated by Presidential Decree , must be a base protected person or personally owned person , as a matter of course : Provided , That this will not apply if any certain laws of such person 's home country does not refer to the people of the Republic of Korea with respect to a salary similar to the National Pension Scheme under this Act . approved by Act No . 13100 , Jan. 28 , 2015
in Article 6 , a person worked in a job controlled by this Act or located in the Republic of Korea , other than a person designated by Presidential Decree , must be a base protected person or personally owned person , as a matter of course : Provided , That this will not apply if any certain laws of such person 's home country does not refer to the people of the Republic of Korea with respect to a salary similar to the National Pension Scheme under this Act . approved by Act No . 13100 , Jan. 28 , 2015
Article 72 ( 2 ) 2 shall not apply where a person who works or involved in the National Pension Plan , or . dies while he or she remains in the Republic of Korea . rules 72 through 76 will apply non only to things about the event , termination , and execution of the rights of a person who serves or involved in the National Pension Plan , etc . to receive worker retirement claims and the receipt of veteran retirement services to him or her . Newly introduced by Act No . 14214 , May 29 , 2016
acts 77 through 79 would not apply to a person who serves or involved in the National Pension Plan , and . : Provided , That the following will not apply to any of the following people : approved by Act No . 13100 , Jan. 28 , 2015 Act No . 14214 , May 29 , 2016
A person where a resident of the Republic of Korea fails to obtain rights to receive services ( including to costs related to welfare under section 1 through 3 of Article 49 ) according to the Acts of a different country to which the person is , and comes under any section of Article 77 ( 1 ) , and it is required by the Acts of the foreign country that a certain amount ( related to an amount determined based on the rates paid during the period of membership in the National Pension Plan ) will be paid to the person of the Republic of Korea in a small amount
A foreign worker under the Act on the Employment , etc . of Foreign Workers worked at a job controlled by this Act
A person worked at a job controlled by this Act who has the capacity to stay for him or her to join in social training operations according to Article 10 of the Immigration Act and does not leave a selected place where he or she gets training for the period of necessary training .
procedures , methods , etc . for writing the loss of identity of a person who joins or joined in the National Pension Plan , and . must be provided by regulations of the Ministry of Health and Welfare . Newly introduced by Act No . 13100 , Jan. 28 , 2015 Act No . 14214 , May 29 , 2016
An owner or worker aged between 18 and under 60 in a job defined by federal Decree in respect of type of business and number of people , etc . ( hereinafter called to as the available job ) will become employer individual as a matter of course : Provided , That the law will not apply to any of the following people : modified by Act No . 9431 , may 6 , 2009 Act No . 15522 , Mar . 20 , 2018
An owner or worker aged between 18 and under 60 in a job defined by federal Decree in respect of type of business and number of people , etc . ( hereinafter called to as the available job ) will become employer individual as a matter of course : Provided , That the law will not apply to any of the following people : modified by Act No . 9431 , may 6 , 2009 Act No . 15522 , Mar . 20 , 2018
dismissed . by Act No . 10783 , Jun . 7 , 2011
despite section ( 1 ) and Article 6 , an individual under age 18 involved in a job covered by the National Pension Service , can be considered a registered unemployed person : Provided , That if he or she does not wish to be a national eligible person , he or she may choose not to be a base liable person . approved by Act No . 13100 , Jan. 28 , 2015
except section ( 1 ) , a person who gets income protection under Article 7 ( 1 ) 1 of the National Basic Living Security Act or someone who gets medical assistance under section 3 of the above Article may choose not to become a home injured person in agreement with his or her wish . Newly introduced by Act No . 10783 , Jun . 7 , 2011 Act No . 13642 , Dec. 29 , 2015
`` Workers and owners of jobs required by Presidential Decree , and public officials , and school employees '' in Article 6 ( 2 ) 4 of the Act means any of the following things :
hour workers , or workers by the hour who are working less than 60 hours a month
regular school employees , or public employees or school staff by the hour who are working less than 60 hours a month
Workers and companies in places of business , the location of which is not fixed
companies who hire no workers or only those falling under section 1 .
Additional benefits listed in Article 50 of the Act mean medical costs for birth and birth ( including abortion and birth where the same will be ) . approved by royal Decree No . 28317 , Sep. 19 , 2017
A person available for the medical costs for birth and delivery recommended in section ( 1 ) shall be as follows : approved by federal Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018
An injured person who is married or gave life to a baby , or her families
Legal deputy ( limited to where the covered person gave life to a baby or her children died ) of the involved or his or her children under one year of age ( usually called to as children and young children under one year of age ) .
The NHIS may charge a person falling under any section of section ( 2 ) with medical cards for medical costs for abortion and birth which can be used to pay any of the following costs : modified by federal Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018
costs caused in connection to medical care related to birth and birth
costs caused in respect to medical care for babies and young children under one year of age
costs involved in buying drugs or supplies for medical treatment medication for babies and young children under one year of age .
A person who hopes to be received with the card ( also called to as candidate in this Article ) shall send an request for authorization designated by law of the Ministry of Health and Welfare , along with a document confirming that the person comes under any section of section ( 2 ) . modified by Presidential Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018
Upon payment of an request for receipt of the tickets required in section ( 4 ) , the NHIS will give the individual with the cards after checking that he or she fell under any section of section ( 2 ) . introduced by Presidential Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018
The period of using these tickets will be from the date of being received with the condition cards according to section ( 5 ) until any of the following days : altered by executive Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018
The person who is married or gave birth to a baby , or her family : A date when one year has passed from the date of birth ( in cases of abortion and childbirth , the appropriate date )
law record of babies and young children under one year of age : A date when one year has passed from the date of death of babies and young children under one year of age .
The upper limit of the amount of a medical coupon shall be as follows : Provided , That if considered necessary and openly informed by the Minister of Health and health , the paid amount may reach the following upper levels : approved by public Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018
In cases of being sick with or giving life to a baby : 600,000 won
In cases of being sick with or giving life to at least two babies : 1,000,000 won .
Except as found in sections ( 2 ) through ( 7 ) , matters necessary for the preparations for and ways of the payment of the medical costs for birth and birth , the application and use of care tickets , and other important things will be determined by law of the Ministry of Health and Welfare . modified by royal Decree No . 27296 , Jun . 30 , 2016
Health tests recommended in Article 52 of the Act ( often known to as `` health tests '' ) shall be performed at least once every two years , and for the people involved who do not work at a desk , health tests shall be done once a year : Provided , That cancer tests shall be performed as suggested by the Enforcement Decree of the Cancer Control Act , and baby and child health tests may be performed according to the test time and schedule determined and officially reported by the Minister of Health and health , in respect of the ages , etc . of babies and young children .
Health tests will be done by health inspection facilities selected in line with Article 14 of the Framework Act on Health Examination ( sometimes called to as `` inspection schools '' ) .
If the NHIS plans to perform a health test , it will inform the people available for a health check of the issues of performing their health tests according to the following categories :
General health tests and cancer tests : Where a health test is done for the company involved , the responsible companies shall be informed of the health care , and where a health test is performed for the children of the officer involved and the employee insured , people who receive health tests shall be informed of
baby and child health tests : Where a health test is performed for babies and children who are the children of the employee involved , the appropriate officer concerned shall be informed of , and where a health test is done for babies and children who are the employees employees , the heads of their families will be informed of .
inspection schools that have performed health tests shall inform the NHIS of the results of health tests , and the NHIS will inform persons who have had health tests , of the results of such health tests : Provided , That where any inspection facility directly records anyone who has experienced a health test of the results of his or her health care , the NHIS needs not inform him or her of such results .
The matter things of health care , the methods for treating health tests , costs earned here , operations for announcing the results of health tests , and other necessary matters regarding health care shall be decided and officially informed by the Minister of Health and health .
This is completely modified by Presidential Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018
`` Period determined by royal Decree '' in the main statement of Article 53 ( 3 ) of the Act , with the effect of its sections , means one month .
`` Number of people recommended by royal Decree '' in the context of Article 53 ( 3 ) of the Act , with the exception of its references , means six times .
Where it is below the standard recommended by the law in the case of Article 53 ( 3 ) of the Act , with the exception of its exception , means where all of the following requirements are met . In such cases , money means money mentioned to in Article 41 ( 1 ) , and property means property related to in Article 42 ( 3 ) 1 : Newly created by government Decree No . 29830 , Jun . 11 , 2019
The amount of a home to which the owner who fails to pay the health payments under Article 53 ( 3 ) 2 of the Act belongs will be below one million won , and the tax base under Article 10 of the Local Tax Act ( also called to as tax base ) on property of the family will be one million won : Provided , That in cases of children , people of 65 years of age or over , or people with injuries registered according to the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities , the tax rate on their income and property will be below the amount determined by the NHIS , both
The person who fails to pay the medical bills under Article 53 ( 3 ) 2 of the Act must have no revenue happening from business for which he or she was identified as a business person according to Article 168 ( 1 ) of the Income Tax Act .
Detailed matters leading to the methods , methods , and timing for determining wages and property under section ( 3 ) will be decided by the NHIS . Newly introduced by national Decree No . 29830 , Jun . 11 , 2019
`` Which are declared by Presidential Decree '' in the former part of Article 70 ( 3 ) of the Act means the pay , pay , salary , annual payment , pay , promotion and expenses , and the money and things similar to paid in payment for the supply of work , other than the following : modified by executive Decree No . 26367 , Jun . 30 , 2015
pension income
Prize money , and production or film tax
income interest from work under the interest Tax Act : Provided , That the gross amount under section 3 ( j ) , ( m ) , and ( o ) of Article 12 of the Income Tax Act shall be excluded .
`` Cases permitted by Presidential Decree , such as there are no information referring to the payments or they are unknown '' in the latter part of Article 70 ( 3 ) of the Act means any of the following :
Where the information is missing or irrelevant
Where the NHIS considers the relevant information inadequate , including the minimum salary amount provided for in Article 5 of the Minimum Wage Act .
Where all or part of the payment is paid in kind , the amount decided by the NHIS on the subject of the present price of in the appropriate region shall be considered the amount related to .
Where the salary of workers in a job is checked during the period of using the amount officially announced by the Minister of Health and Welfare under the latter part of Article 70 ( 3 ) of the Act , the relevant amount not informed will begin to apply , beginning with a month following the month that is the date of confirmation by the NHIS .
`` On islands , or in remote areas , or farming and food groups , inc . defined by the law '' in Article 75 ( 1 ) 1 of the Act means any of the following areas : approved by federal Decree No . 26367 , Jun . 30 , 2015
Island areas and remote areas identified and openly announced by the Minister of Health and education as areas excluded from health care systems and which involve a long journey for anyone to reach health care services by means of public service
The following farming and fishing villages :
( a ) Eup/Myeon area of a Gun or of a Si that takes the mixed economic form
( b ) Dong area of a Si or of a Gun called to in Article 2 ( 1 ) 2 of the Local Autonomy Act , including domestic areas , business areas , and commercial areas designated under Article 36 ( 1 ) 1 of the National Land Planning and Utilization Act
( c ) The area that is under Article 33 of the Special Act on Improvement of Public Health and Welfare for Agricultural and Fishing Village Residents and Article 33 of the same Act
The area identified by the Minister of Health and education in respect of the features of a job that has limited opportunity to health care services .
The following farming and fishing villages :
The cash value per payment point for the employee individual under Article 73 ( 3 ) of the Act will be 195.8 won . Amended by the order No . 24261 , Dec. 27 , 2012 Presidential Decree No . 24776 , Sep. 26 , 2013 Presidential Decree No . 25760 , Nov. 20 , 2014 Presidential Decree No . 26743 , Dec. 22 , 2015 Presidential Decree No . 28551 , Dec. 29 , 2017 Presidential Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018 Presidential Decree No . 30287 , Dec. 31 , 2019
Where the amount of insurance costs based on monthly payment that is previously calculated and collected is the amount of agency contributions collected according to rules 34 through 38 , the NHIS will return such amount to the company , and where it fell short of , collect , in addition , the difference from the company .
Where the affairs of hiring , appointment , and employment of the individual employer are ended , the company will conduct the course for closing cases with the NHIS , after collecting charges with the employer by further collecting the compensation payments based on monthly payments already paid by the same job owner : Provided , That as respects the person employee to which the amount previously announced by the Minister of Health and health under the latter part of Article 70 ( 3 ) of the Act is used , the determination of the benefits applied during the period that the same amount is used , may be removed .
about the amount to be paid to or to be taken by the person insured among the amount that has been paid or paid in addition under section ( 1 ) , the company shall settle accounts with the responsible officer involved .
about the amount to be paid to or to be taken by the person insured among the amount that has been paid or paid in addition under section ( 1 ) , the company shall settle accounts with the responsible officer involved .
The amount to be permanently collected , as a result of the resolution of accounts ( also called to as year-end settlement ) based on the total payment amount of the particular year which is finally determined in the next year pursuant to the main statement of Article 34 ( 1 ) : Payment in five payments : Provided , That , at the request of the user , the transaction may be made in small amount ( one time ) or in 10 or less installments
The amount to be also collected , as a result of the settlement of accounts other than the year-end settlement : Payment of the whole amount in cash amount ( one time ) : Provided , That , at the request of the user , the delivery may be made in 10 or less installments .
Except as given in section ( 1 ) through ( 4 ) , the things necessary for the clearing of accounts of the amount of security costs based on monthly salary , and the charge of in series will be determined by the rules of association of the NHIS . Newly introduced by government Decree No . 28710 , Mar . 20 , 2018
The NHIS and the Review and Assessment Service will make a choice within 60 days from the deposit of written argument : Provided , That where any such conditions exist , it may continue the involved period within the limit of 30 days .
Where the NHIS and the Review and Assessment Service wishes to allow the period for decision under the terms of section ( 1 ) , notice of will be served to the individual by not later than seven days prior to the end of such period for judgment .
The Dispute Mediation Committee must make a decision within 60 days from the date a request for decision is sent under Article 59 ( 1 ) : Provided , That where any such situation exists , the period may be continued within the limit of 30 days .
If any application of the period for choice is designed for under the terms of section ( 1 ) , such fact will be known to the demand by not later than seven days before the period of action starts .
When the head of the Dispute Mediation Committee has made a choice on request for decision , the Chairperson will apply his or her name and seal on the written report saying the following things , and send without waiting such written advice to the operator and the person who has taken the actions and send the copy whatsoever to the people interested :
Name , home identification number , and location of the candidate
Person who has taken the mood
Main text of the choice
Gist of the request for opinion
Grounds for the choice
Date of the choice .
`` Any ground given by royal Decree '' in Article 109 ( 5 ) 1 of the Act means any of the following :
Where the concerned person remains in Korea without gaining consent to continue the period of stay under Article 25 of the Immigration Act or Article 10 ( 2 ) of the Act on the Immigration and Legal Status of Overseas Koreans
Where the concerned person gets a written order of removal according to Article 59 ( 3 ) of the Immigration Act .
This page fully modified by government Decree No . 27508 , Sep. 22 , 2016
Chapters IV and V do not apply to a person who is working at or over the age of 65 ( including where a person who has kept his or her protected condition before the age of 65 continues to be worked at or over the age of 65 ) , or starts a business as a business person at or over the age of 65 . Newly through by Act No . 16269 , Jan. 15 , 2019
This Act will apply to every business or employment involving employees ( sometimes called to as `` operating unit '' ) : Provided , That this Act will not apply to types of operating units designated by Presidential Decree , in view of certain industry types , size , or other reasons .
This Act will not apply to any of the following people : modified by Act No . 8959 , Mar . 21 , 2008 Act No . 11530 , Dec. 11 , 2012 Act No . 11864 , Jun . 4 , 2013 Act No . 16269 , Jan. 15 , 2019
removed by Act No . 16269 , Jan. 15 , 2019
A person whose legal working hours are less than the least number of hours required by Presidential Decree
A public official defined in the State Public Officials Act or the Local Public Officials Act : Provided , That public officials in ordinary civil service and public officials in a set term position defined in Article 26-5 of the State Public Officials Act and Article 25-5 of the Local Public Officials Act may purchase employment insurance ( limited to Chapter IV ) at their own will , as required by executive Decree
A person subject to the Pension for Private School Teachers and Staff Act
Any other person designated by Presidential Decree .
Chapters IV and V will not use to a person who is worked at or over the age of 65 ( including where a person who has kept his or her insured condition before the age of 65 continues to be worked at or over the age of 65 ) , or starts a business as a working person at or over the age of 65 . Newly in by Act No . 16269 , Jan. 15 , 2019
employment funds will be divided into working benefits and job training benefits .
Types of job career arrangements are as follows :
Early employment assistance
Vocational skills training assistance
travel job search award
removal responsibility .
The names of the terms used in this Act will be as such : introduced by Act No . 9315 , Dec. 31 , 2008 Act No . 9990 , Jan. 27 , 2010 Act No . 10339 , Jun . 4 , 2010 Act No . 10895 , Jul . 21 , 2011
The term `` registered worker '' means either of the following people :
( a ) An individual who is assured or considered to be covered under Articles 5 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , 6 ( 1 ) , and 8 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) of the Act on the payment of Insurance rates , etc . for Employment Insurance and international Accident claims Insurance ( often called to as the `` Insurance Premium Collection Act '' )
( b ) A business person who is employed or deemed to be involved according to Article 49-2 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) of the Insurance payment Collection Act ( hereinafter referred to as `` the insurance person '' )
The term `` separation from work '' means the end of an employment situation between an covered worker and a business owner
The term `` employment '' means the state of being employed while being able and willing to work
The term `` identification of employment '' means approval by the head of an information security office that an employed person who claims as an available person under Article 43 is currently seeking job
The term `` profit '' means the amount determined by removing money and goods required by the law from the earned amount determined in Article 20 of the Income Tax Act : Provided , That money and goods given and officially declared by the Minister of education and Labor will be considered to be compensation , among those received from people other than a business owner during the period of employment or under similar circumstances
The term `` daily use worker '' means a person who is hired for less than one month .
Where an assured person who has been terminated from work meets all of the following requirements , unemployment compensation will be paid to him or her : Provided , That sections 5 and 6 shall apply only to a person who has been a daily job employee at the time of most recent retirement from work : modified by Act No . 16269 , Jan. 15 , 2019 Act No . 16557 , Aug. 27 , 2019
The number of qualifying days in covered work ( related to the qualifying days in covered work required in Article 41 where the same will allow ) during the total period prescribed in section ( 2 ) ( also known to as `` base period '' ) shall amount to at least 180 days
The individual worker is able and willing to work but is still yet to guarantee work ( including employment in a commercial business and the same will apply in this Chapter and Chapter V )
The reasons for withdrawal from work do not fall under any of the certain conditions set forth in Article 58
The engaged employee must be involved seeking employment
Any of the following must be available to the individual employee :
Where the covered worker has been terminated from another work due to a reason falling under the reasons for detention under Article 58 during the qualifying days in covered work during the whole period at the time of most recent departure from work , the covered worker must have worked as a daily pay worker for at least 90 days during the qualifying days in covered work .
( a ) The number of days that such qualified person has worked during the one-month period before the date of asking for support of application for services under Article 43 shall be less than 10 days
( b ) An unemployed person will be a daily hire officer working in the building industry ( talking to a person who is a daily job worker and has worked , at the time of retirement from work , in the building business under the section definition on the Korean Standard Industrial Classification as known by the director of the Statistics Korea as defined in Article 22 ( 1 ) of the Statistics Act where the same should be ) and have no record of work done during the 14 continuous days before the date such an officer stands for recognition of application for services
The base period must be 18 months before the date of retirement from work , but if an injured worker falls under any of the following cases , the second period will be the period described as such : modified by Act No . 16557 , Aug. 27 , 2019
Where an eligible worker has earned no salary due to sickness , accident , or other reasons defined by government Decree for 30 days during the 18 months before the date of retirement from work : A period ( if the period is three years , it will be considered three years ) achieved by adding 18 months and the number of days in which such an officer has not been paid pay due to such reason
Where all of the following conditions are met : 24 months before the date of retirement from work :
( a ) An eligible employee will have worked as a man whose regular working hours per week are less than 15 hours and the working days per week are two days or less at the time of departure from employment
( b ) An eligible employee will have worked as a person to whom article ( a ) is available for at least 90 days during the qualifying days in covered work during the 24 months before the date of retirement from employment .
besides Article 40 , an employed person can be qualified for benefits if the head of an employment security office finds that any of the following criteria belongs to the individual person : modified by Act No . 10339 , Jun . 4 , 2010
An eligible person who has been removed for any of the following serious causes due to him or her :
( a ) Any breach of the Criminal Act or any other Act that resulted in a sentence of prison without labor or greater punishment
( b ) Gross conduct that caused serious harm to the operating unit 's business or property as meeting the requirements set forth by act of the Ministry of Employment and Labor
( c ) Prolonged authorized employment without good cause in violation of the work agreement or work rules
An injured person whose departure from work was due to his or her own situation falling under any of the following cases :
( a ) A departure to take up a new job or to start one 's own business
( b ) A decision following the business owner 's advice to quit rather than face termination for the conduct required in section 1
( c ) A death for any reason other than good cause , as recommended by law of the Ministry of Employment and Labor .
A person who wants to receive employment services shall file an action for identification that he or she is available for services under Article 40 ( 1 ) 1 through 3 , 5 , and 6 ( hereinafter called to as `` allowance for protection '' ) with the head of a certain job security office . introduced by Act No . 16269 , Jan. 15 , 2019
Upon payment of an request for recognition of application for services under paragraph ( 1 ) , the head of an information security office shall decide whether to accept or reject the application for services of the candidate and give notice of the results to the candidate , as determined by Presidential Decree .
Upon payment of an request for recognition of application for services under paragraph ( 1 ) , the head of an information security office shall decide whether to accept or reject the application for services of the candidate and give notice of the results to the candidate , as determined by Presidential Decree .
The most recent covered work of the individual will not be the only time the employee has been in covered work
The individual will never have received any services with regard to any retirement from work , other than the most recent instance .
If a person who has received confirmation of application for services , as described in section ( 2 ) ( now called to as `` available patient '' ) , newly gets confirmation of application for services during a period under Article 48 or 54 ( 1 ) , unemployment benefits shall be paid on the subject of the newly realized application for welfare .
Those who want to apply for such services shall , upon retirement from work , report his or her employment , without hesitation , to an internal security office .
Reporting of employment done under section ( 1 ) shall include analysis for work and identification of application for welfare recommended in Article 43 .
Where an covered position was lost in the last covered business and a new covered position is offered in the currently covered business within three years from the date of such filing : The period of covered work in the past covered business will be added up : Provided , That in cases of having received unemployment benefits due to the loss of protected position in the last covered business , the period of covered work in the last covered business will be included
The daily amount of unemployment effects will be determined according to the following system : introduced by Act No . 16557 , Aug. 27 , 2019
In cases falling under Article 45 ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) , and ( 5 ) , 60/100 of the available winner 's daily pay
In cases falling under Article 45 ( 4 ) , 80/100 of the available person 's daily salary ( also related to as `` minimum daily amount of employment services '' ) .
If an able person 's daily amount of employment services calculated under section ( 1 ) 1 is less than the minimum daily amount of employment funds , then the minimum daily amount of those benefits shall be the daily amount of employment funds paid to the same person .
If an able person 's daily amount of employment services calculated under section ( 1 ) 1 is less than the minimum daily amount of employment funds , then the minimum daily amount of those benefits shall be the daily amount of employment funds paid to the same person .
The maximum number of days of health insurance paid to an authorized person will be the eligible person 's stated number of days of health duties paid , less the number of days for which the funds , in respect to the duties for which the person is currently available , have already been paid . In such case , when using the regulations of this Act ( including sections 61 and 62 ) to a recipient of sickness services paid , the amount of the services paid shall count toward the amount of health services paid .
the compensation required in section ( 1 ) will be paid on the date when the claims are to be paid for the first time after the person has become engaged ( in the presence of such date , a date determined by the head of an employment security office ) : Provided , That if considered necessary , such health benefits may be paid , as individually decided by the Minister of education and work . approved by Act No . 10339 , Jun . 4 , 2010
in section ( 1 ) , no sickness bonus shall be paid to an available person who is liable to pay for suspension of work defined in Article 79 of the Labor Standards Act , temporary unemployment insurance programs defined in sections 52 through 56 of the Industrial Accident Compensation Insurance Act , or other protection or assistance authorized by royal Decree similar to these payment or benefits . introduced by Act No . 16269 , Jan. 15 , 2019
sections 47 , 49 , 57 , 61 ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) , and 62 shall apply as bonus to the delivery of sickness services . In such case , `` period due to support of employment '' in Article 47 shall be defined as `` days for which satisfaction of employment is not received '' .
despite Article 44 , unemployment services shall not be paid for seven days regarded as standing period beginning from the date an employee reports on his or her employment according to Article 42 : Provided , That as for a person who is a daily use employee in the building business at the time of his or her most recent departure from employment , the compensation may be paid to him or her by counting from the date he or she reports his or her employment according to act 42 . by by Act No . 16269 , Jan. 15 , 2019
Any person who has received , or tried to receive , employment funds by cheating or other inappropriate means shall be granted all advantages from the date when such person received , or failed to receive , the services : Provided , That the same will not apply to previous application for unemployment benefits that may be approved after the retirement from work related to the granted bonus .
despite the main statement of section ( 1 ) , if fraud or other inappropriate means are reasons given by Presidential Decree , such as filing a false report or failing to file a report according to Article 47 ( 1 ) , employment benefits shall be granted only for the appropriate period subject to consideration of employment : Provided , That if such crimes are made on two or more times , the main clause of clause ( 1 ) shall apply .
Where a person has received , or tried to receive , employment effects by fraud or other inappropriate means are granted employment benefits , as described in section ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) , such person will be deemed to have received such employment advantages for the sake of applying Article 50 ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) thereto .
Where a person has received , or failed to receive , employment services by cheating or other inappropriate means are granted the advantages , as defined in table ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) , such person can be held to have received unemployment assistance , including for the days for which benefits have been granted for the reasons of applying Article 63 ( 2 ) thereto .
The head of an employment security office may order a person who has received the consequences by criminal or other inappropriate means to pay all or part of the compensation paid , and he or she may , as proposed by law of the Ministry of Employment and Labor , charge an extra amount not above the full amount due to payment that such person has received by crime or other inappropriate means . modified by Act No . 10339 , Jun . 4 , 2010
If fraud or other inappropriate means pointed to in section ( 1 ) include any false report or endorsement by a business owner ( including an officer or officer of , or any other person hired by the business owner ) , the business owner shall be together and thus responsible with the available victim of the illegally paid employment services .
The head of an employment security office may return the amount of working claims originally paid to a new or former qualified person .
Any of the following will be available to the covered worker :
An agent for investigation or further release may appoint any of the following people as his or her agent in addition to a law agent :
The wife , a female descendant or ancestor , or a brother of the candidate
An administrative officer or officer , if the agency is a company
An lawyer or a work advisor
Any other person who has been allowed by the Board or Review recommended in Article 99 to protect the candidate .
The Employment Insurance Appeal Committee ( usually known to as the `` Appeal Committee '' ) shall be created in the Ministry of Employment and Labor to perform further investigations , as prescribed in Article 87 . by by Act No . 10339 , Jun . 4 , 2010
The Appeal Committee should be formed of not more than 15 members , including at least one member of staff and at least one agent of companies .
The members designated in table ( 2 ) shall include two standing members .
None of the following people will be elected as a member of the Appeal Committee : introduced by Act No . 13041 , Jan. 20 , 2015
A person under adult custody or under limited custody or a person found blind and not yet restored
A person for which three years have not taken since the prison without labor or a higher punishment of such person determined by a court was completely arrested or the execution of the penalty became final .
Where a private official member fell under any of the following cases , he or she may be dismissed from office : introduced by Act No . 16269 , Jan. 15 , 2019
Where he or she becomes unable to perform the tasks due to a physical or medical handicap
Where he or she operates in any conduct in connection with the functions
Where he or she is considered unacceptable as a member due to failure of a duty , loss of dignity , or any other reason
Where he or she willingly realizes that it is difficult to perform the duties .
Standing members shall neither join a national party nor become involved in politics .
The Appeal Committee will make an appeal within 50 days of delivery of a request for further investigation , as required in Article 87 ( 1 ) . In such case , Article 89 ( 2 ) shall apply lex as to application of the time frame for judgment .
A committee will be created under the Appeal Committee .
Matters necessary for the establishment , operation , etc . of the Appeal Committee and its headquarters must be prescribed by Presidential Decree .
All demands for report must be presented in person , as proposed by Presidential Decree .
Upon conclusion of a report , an officer must either remove all or part of the first decision or remove all or part of the request for release .
The other party to a request for further investigation shall be the head of the education security office or the Workers ' protection and health Service that made the previous decision . modified by Act No . 16269 , Jan. 15 , 2019
A person who counts as an available person according to Article 5-2 of the Act , shall be any of the following people who has registered for alien status according to Article 31 of the Immigration Act :
A person married to a national of the Republic of Korea , who fell under any of the following :
( a ) Where the person in question or the person 's wife who is a national of the Republic of Korea , is a
( b ) Where the person raises any little child who is a national of the Republic of Korea ( including a person in a caretaker relationship parent partnership or foster marriage elsewhere in this section , the same will apply )
( c ) Where the person uses lifestyle or lives with his or her wife 's family ancestor who is a national of the Republic of Korea
A person who has been divorced from or deceased of his or her husband , who is a national of the Republic of Korea and either issues any small child who is a national of the Republic of Korea , or is married with a child of the dead wife .
This page fully modified by royal Decree No . 23128 , Sep. 8 , 2011
Where an able person , inc . file an request for services according to Article 21 ( 3 ) of the Act , the definition of financial information , credit information , and security information ( also called to as `` financial information , etc '' ) that the available person or his or her mandatory supplier must agree to provide , must be as follows : approved by federal Decree No . 25659 , Oct. 15 , 2014 Presidential Decree No . 30124 , Oct. 15 , 2019
Financial information :
( a ) pay accounts , such as regular accounts , savings accounts , free savings accounts , and foreign money accounts : An average balance over the last three or less months and total account amount
( b ) Savings accounts , such as time savings , payment savings , and weekly savings : The balance or the total amount of accounts
( c ) securities , business notes , stock , capital shares , and real estate ( retirement ) shares : The final market price and in such cases , Article 54 ( 1 ) of the emergency Decree of the estate Tax and Gift Tax Act will use the ratio to determine the value of the shares
( d ) notes , books , bills , credit cards , documents of legal right to new shares , and other notes of payment : The face value
( e ) Pension savings : The amount paid constantly , or the final balance
( f ) Interest and profits collecting from financial property contained in elements ( a ) through ( e ) , or savings here
Credit information :
( a ) Status of loans , and details of interest
( b ) original credit card balance
health information :
( a ) the policy : The sum to be paid if the accident is planned , or the expenses paid within the last year
( b ) Pension coverage : The benefit to be paid if the retirement plan is cancelled , or the amount paid frequently .
This page entirely modified by government Decree No . 23128 , Sep. 8 , 2011
The driver 's test tests ( including a test for Class I normal driver 's license and a test for Class II ordinary driver 's license ) must be held by the Road Traffic Authority created according to Article 120 on any of the following things according to the category of driver 's permits under Article 80 ( 2 ) : Provided , That the driver 's vehicle tests recommended by federal Decree shall be held by the chief of a city police agency or the Road Traffic Authority , as proposed by Presidential Decree :
The ability needed to drive motor cars , etc .
The information on laws and laws regarding motor cars , etc . and road and road
The ways needed to handle motor cars , etc . and the art needed to check motor cars in order to guarantee safe driving
The skills needed to drive motor cars , etc .
information and skills needed for driving .
Tests for Class I regular drivers ' permits and tests for Class II normal drivers ' certificates will be held by the Road Traffic Authority in order to test skills of the test person to drive motor cars on the road . In such cases , tests for Class I regular drivers ' certificates will be held for those who have received Class I normal student degrees and tests for Class II normal drivers ' permits will be held for people who have received Class II normal student permits , etc .
A person eligible to receive a driver 's license according to Article 82 may not ask for a driver 's license test .
Any person who wants to apply for a driver 's control test according to section ( 1 ) 2 and 3 shall receive highway safety training provided for in Article 73 ( 1 ) or teaching of driving in a driving school provided for in Article 104 ( 1 ) before he or she accounts for such driver 's license test .
procedures , methods , and other necessary things about the driver 's test tests related to in sections ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) shall be established by Presidential Decree .
This page totally modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
No civil lawsuit on any decision taken according to this Act must be submitted unless it has received an examination in an official court .
This act is altered by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
The driver of a motor car , etc . will carry his or her driver 's license , etc . falling under any of the following conditions when he or she takes a motor car :
A driver 's certificate , or foreign driver 's license as provided for in Article 96 ( 1 ) and the driver 's license for building equipment as provided for in the Construction Machinery Management Act ( usually known to as `` driver 's license , etc . '' )
A document falling under any of the following parts in place of the driver 's license , etc :
( a ) A temporary driving license as provided for in Article 91
( b ) A written notice relating to the paid of a fine or a written warrant as allowed for in Article 138
( c ) A written warrant as provided for in Article 143 ( 1 ) .
When a police officer asks a driver to show his or her driver 's name , or . under section ( 1 ) or a bill in place of , or asks a question to prove his or her name or his or her driver 's license for road safety or management of police order , the driver must obey with such request .
This page is modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
When a person gets his or her driver 's license or the driver 's permit is used out , he or she may file an request with the chief of a local police agency for the issue of a driver 's license , as recommended by law of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety . Amended by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013 Act No . 12844 , june 19 , 2014 Act No . 14839 , Jul . 26 , 2017
This act totally modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
This act totally modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
Where a person who seeks a driver 's license files an action for the return of a driver 's license according to Article 86
Where a person asks for an ability test or the approval of a new driver 's license provided for in Article 87 , or an additional ability test provided for in Article 88
Where a person due to a condition of suspension or suspension of his or her driver 's license provided for in Article 93 claims his or her driver 's license .
Each temporary driving license mentioned to in section ( 1 ) shall have the same effect as that of a driver 's license during the period of its application .
This is completely modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
Any of the following people will be treated by prison with work for not more than one year or by a fine not including three million won :
A person who has drove a motor car without receiving a driver 's permit ( including a bike driver 's license is the same will be in this section ) according to Article 80 ( including cases where the effect of the driver 's seat is suspended ) or an american driver 's license ( including cases where the driving of any motor car is permitted and the active period has ended ) according to Article 96 , in violation of Article 43
Any person , inc . who has caused any person who has no driver 's license ( including any person for which the effect of his or her driver 's license is banned ) to drive any motor car , in violation of Article 56 ( 2 )
A person who has received a driver 's license or a proof of a driver 's license or any proof in place of a driver 's license by fraud or other inappropriate means
A person who possessed of items on the road , which can prevent the flow of traffic without consent here , in breach of Article 68 ( 2 )
The head of any road safety training organization who has caused any person who is not a road teacher to teach the highway safety training , in breach of Article 76 ( 4 )
A person who has used any similar name , etc , in violation of Article 117 .
This act completely modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
This act completely modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
This act completely modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
The driver of any motor car or bus who has broken any law , limits , or precautions provided for in Article 6 ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , or ( 4 ) , or 7
A person who has violated Article 22 , 23 , 29 ( 4 ) through ( 6 ) , 53-2 , 60 , 64 , 65 , or 66
A person who has broken Article 31 , 34 , or 52 ( 4 ) or any order given according to Article 35 ( 1 )
A person who has broken any rules introduced by the chief of a local police agency according to Article 39 ( 6 )
Any driver who has failed to buckle his or her safety belt or to wear a life preservation costume , in violation of Article 50 ( 1 ) or ( 3 )
A person who has failed or compromised with receiving his or her driver 's license by a police officer according to Article 95 ( 2 )
An operator who has run a school school for children without having a father onboard , in violation of Article 53 ( 3 )
Any driver who has failed to confirm whether children or babies escaped , in violation of Article 53 ( 4 )
Any driver who has failed to confirm whether children or babies escaped , in violation of Article 53 ( 4 )
A person who has failed to provide personal information to a defendant according to Article 54 ( 1 ) 2 , where it was clear that only a motor car in the state of arrest or parking was destroyed
A person who has rode a bicycle while drunk , in violation of Article 44 ( 1 )
A person with reasonable reasons determined that he or she is drunk , who has failed to perform with a blood test required by a police officer according to Article 44 ( 2 ) ( limited to a person who drives a bicycle ) .
This is partly modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
A person who has failed to cooperate with the request of any police officer to obtain his or her driver 's license or to make a statement to recognize a driver , in violation of Article 92 ( 2 ) will be punished by a fine not over 200,000 won or by criminal prison .
This act is modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
A person who fails to take necessary steps provided for in Article 54 ( 1 ) when a car accident happens ( including people who fail to provide personal information to a victim according to Article 54 ( 1 ) 2 , where it is obvious that only a motor car in the state of halt or parking is destroyed ) , will be punished by prison with work for not exceeding 5 years or by a fine not reaching 15 million won . introduced by Act No . 14356 , Dec. 2 , 2016
This page was modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
Where any road accident happens , no one will block steps taken by the driver , etc . or the making of the news under Article 54 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) .
This is totally modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
A person who does not get his or her own driver 's permit from the chief of a local police agency according to Article 80 or a person who has a driver 's license , the effect of which is cancelled , may be forbidden from driving any motor car .
This is is modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
This is is modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
Where a person drove a motor car , inc . in violation of Article 43 or 96 ( 3 ) at least three times , two years from the date of such crime
Where a person drove a motor car , inc . in violation of Article 43 or 96 ( 3 ) at least three times , two years from the date of such crime
This chapter totally modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
This chapter totally modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
When any person takes a motor car , etc . while drunk , in violation of Article 44 ( 1 )
When a person who has violated Article 44 ( 1 ) or the latter part of Article 44 ( 2 ) ( limited to cases of driving a motor car , etc . then the same will use in this section and paragraph 3 ) , falls under the conditions for suspension of his or her driver 's license for breaking section ( 1 ) of the same Article
When a person refuses to meet with a request for a blood alcohol testing from any police officer although the person is certainly known to be driving a motor car while drunk , in respect of the latter part of Article 44 ( 2 )
When a person takes a motor car , etc . although the person is likely to be unable to drive a motor car , etc . usually on the basis of being under the control of drugs , in violation of Article 45
When a person acts any dangerous group behavior with others , in violation of Article 46 ( 1 )
5-2 . When a person drive a a motor not , in of of Article 46-3
When a person fails to take necessary steps or to report according to Article 54 ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) after killing or killing any other person in a road accident
When a person is eligible to receive a driver 's license according to Article 82 ( 1 ) 2 through 5
When a person eligible to receive a driver 's license according to Article 82 holds a driver 's license by fraud or other illegal means or is found to have been granted a driver 's license or other license in place of a driver 's permit in the period during which the effect of his or her driver 's license is cancelled
When a person fails to take an intelligence test provided for in Article 87 ( 2 ) or 88 ( 1 ) or fails to take such a test
When a person deliberately or accidentally causes a road accident while driving a motor car , etc .
10-2 . When a person who has that a driver 's license and an under under Article 258-2 , 261 , 284 , or 369 of the law Act , by using a motor or , etc .
When a person who has received a driver 's license crimes any of the following crimes , by using a motor car , inc . as the tool or place of the appropriate crime :
When a person stole or steals another person 's motor car , etc .
When a person asks for a driver 's law test provided for in Article 83 in order to help another person to legally get a driver 's license
When a person attacks any police officer , etc . or any Si/Gun public official engaging in road police according to this Act
When a person gives his or her driver 's license to any other person in order to allow the former to drive a motor car or uses the driver 's license of any other person to drive a motor car
When a person drove any motor car registered according to the Motor Vehicle Management Act or any motor car ( including any two-wheeled car ) for which a permanent driving license is not gained
When any ground for granting a student license increases before a person gets a Class I or II regular driver 's license
When the head of any responsible legal agency requests for jurisdiction to cancel or maintain a driver 's license according to other Acts
18-2 . When a person to a truck , in of of Article 39 ( 1 ) or ( 4 )
When a person breaks this Act or any order received or any decision taken in agreement with this Act
When a person passes , of his or her own will , his or her drivers permit to the chief of a city police agency for the loss of the license : Provided , That this will not apply where the said drivers permit is due to a condition of suspension or penalty , or is in the period of termination of its effect .
( a ) Any crime under sections 4 through 9 of the National Security Act , or the crime of making , killing or hiding any information under Article 12 of the same Act
( b ) Any of the following crimes under the Criminal Act :
( i ) murder , absence of a dead body , or fire
( ii ) murder , murder , or an obscene act by force
( iii ) stealing , kidnapping , or imprisonment
( iv ) criminal theft ( limited to cases of moving stolen goods )
( v ) interference of communication ( limited to a failure by the use of joint force )
( v ) interference of communication ( limited to a failure by the use of joint force )
When a person who has a student license causes any road accident by purpose or liability while driving a motor car or against this Act , or any order or decision established or taken according to this Act , the chief of a local police agency will cancel his or her student permit : Provided , That the same will not use where the fault does not clearly lie with the person or in other cases designated by royal Decree .
When a person who has a student license causes any road accident by purpose or liability while driving a motor car or against this Act , or any order or decision established or taken according to this Act , the chief of a local police agency will cancel his or her student permit : Provided , That the same will not use where the fault does not clearly lie with the person or in other cases designated by royal Decree .
This page totally modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
Simply illegal proved by the Constitutional Court in Case No . 2016-A-6 : When a person stole another person 's motor car , etc . in Article 93 ( 1 ) 12 of the current Road Traffic Act ( as modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011 and before being modified by Act No . 13829 , Jan. 27 , 2016 ) protects the law .
When a person drove a motor car , or . although the person is likely to be unable to drive a motor car , etc . usually on the basis of being under the effect of narcotics , in violation of Article 45
Five years from the date the driver 's license is granted ( where Article 43 or 96 ( 3 ) is used together , pointing to the date of such possession ) in any of the following things :
Any driver of a motor car or bus who has broken Article 49 ( 1 ) ( only relevant to sections 1 and 3 of the same section )
A person who drove a motor car with a system built to disturb with operations of speed control system , in violation of Article 49 ( 1 ) 4
Any driver who has failed to require all people to buckle their seat pants , in violation of Article 50 ( 1 )
Two years from the date the driver 's license is canceled ( where Article 43 or 96 ( 3 ) is used together , pointing to the date of such violation ) in any of the following areas :
A person who has not agreed with or has denied or denied any request , any measure or any order of police officers according to Article 41 , 47 , or 58
No driver will prevent motor car or horse speed by engaging in any quarrel , quarrel , etc . while parking his or her motor car , etc . or walking on the road
No driver will create any sound that hurts other people by doing any of the following acts without good cause :
No driver must drive any motor car in which people are involved in any violent behavior including driving , without fixing such behavior whatsoever to the degree that such behavior limits the driving of the motor car
No driver must use a cell phone ( including a car phone ) while driving a motor car , etc . or subway : Provided , That the same will not happen in any of the following cases :
No image must be rendered at a location visible to a driver while driving a motor car , etc . or bus through a system that sends or plays video media including radio ( including devices carried by a driver usually called to as `` video display device '' ) : Provided , That the same will not use in any of the following cases :
In any of the following events , a motor car driver may permanently stop his or her motor car :
When a person acts any dangerous group act with others , in violation of Article 46 ( 1 )
The driver of any motor car or bus will slowly drive the motor car or bus in any of the following places : introduced by Act No . 15530 , Mar . 27 , 2018
An area where action is not restricted
At the location of a turn in the road
At the location of the top of a level road
The rise of a slightly rising road
A place identified by safety signs by the director of a county police agency after considering such place as being necessary to prevent danger on the road and guarantee safe and clean flow of it .
The driver of any motor car or bus will permanently stop in any of the following places : modified by Act No . 15530 , Mar . 27 , 2018
An junction where traffic is not controlled , it is difficult to view the left and the right , or the load is heavy
A place identified by safety signs by the superintendent of a city police agency after identifying such place as being necessary to prevent danger on the road and guarantee safe and steady flow of traffic .
This list totally modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
Each driver of a motor car will be forbidden from running or parking a motor car in any of the following places : Provided , That the same will not happen where the driver of a motor car permanently stops his or her motor car to cooperate with this Act , any order made under this Act , or orders given by police officers , and to avoid trouble : approved by Act No . 15364 , Feb. 9 , 2018
An corner , sidewalk , road passing , or the intersection of a road separated into a street and a highway ( including any road parking area set across both a highway and road )
A place located within five meters from the edge of an edge or the side of a road
A place located within 10 meters from any side of a safety zone on a road marked with a safety zone
A place located within 10 meters from where any column , board , or line showing a train stop is located or marked : Provided , That the same will not happen where any bus driver stops or parks a car in order for people to join or leave from the train at any coach stop located along the service road during service hours
A place located within 10 meters from the edge of a road bridge or bridge
A place located within five meters from any of the following :
( a ) A place in which a fire emergency water supply system or other emergency machinery is built according to Article 10 of the Framework Act on Fire-Fighting Services
( b ) A place in which the safety facilities under Article 2 ( 1 ) 1 of the Act on Fire protection and operation , management , and Safety Control of the equipment , which are determined by royal Decree , are used
A place identified by the director of a state police agency as being necessary to prevent danger on the road and assure the safety and the clean flow of control of the road .
This act is modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
Each driver of a motor car will be forbidden from parking a motor car in any of the following places :
The inside of a tunnel and on a bridge
A place located within five meters from any of the following :
( a ) Where any road works are under way , both sides of the working area
( b ) A place assigned by the chief of a county police agency at the request of the head of the local fire office , among buildings to which the place of business of any privately used institution under the Special Act on the Safety Control of Publicly Used Establishments belongs
A place selected by the chief of a local police agency as being necessary to prevent danger on the road and guarantee safe and clear flow of traffic .
This page is modified by Act No . 15364 , Feb. 9 , 2018
When a driver of any motor car decides to stop or park a motor car on a road or street parking area , he or she will stop the motor car on the front edge of the highway and watch ways to stop and park the motor car , the speed and forbidden things , inc . recommended by Presidential Decree .
This section totally modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
Where a driver leaves any motor car or bus , he or she will take steps necessary to prevent any car accident and prevent any other person from driving the motor car or tram without the driver 's permission
No driver will open the doors of his or her motor car or bus or get off the motor car or rail without checking the safety of the motor car or car or people and will take steps necessary to protect his or her students from causing any danger to speed
ways , etc . for motor cars or people to cross on highways or other roads for motor vehicles ( commonly called to as `` roads , etc . '' ) will be determined by this Chapter , and things other than those proposed in this Chapter will be determined by classes I through IV .
This page is modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
This page is modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
When planning to avoid any other motor car on the highway , the driver of any motor car shall easily drive the motor car along a lane determined by law of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety by using way signs , lights , or bell . approved by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013 Act No . 12844 , Nov. 19 , 2014 Act No . 14839 , Jul . 26 , 2017
This page is modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
The driver of any motor car must not cross an airport , or , making a turn , or moving in backwards on an highway while driving a motor car on the highway : Provided , That the same will not apply to any motor car that is used to take safety steps directed at avoiding and removing danger on an highway and taking and doing emergency steps and the work due to any accident accident on the road among any motor cars or motor cars to do the work of fix and repair , etc . of the road .
This page is modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
The driver of any motor car will not park or stop a motor car on any highway , etc . : Provided , That the same will not apply to cases falling under any of the following categories :
Where the driver suddenly stops or parks a motor car in accordance with the regulations of laws and rules or orders given by police officers ( including any independent police officer ) or in order to prevent any danger
Where the driver stops or parks a motor car in a place where safety signs are placed in order to allow motor cars to stop or park , or in the station
Where the driver stops or parks a motor car on the edge area of a road ( including the corner ) due to accident or other unfortunate reasons
Where the driver stops a motor car to pay a fee at a gate
Where the manager of a road stops or parks a motor car in order to fix , keep or police the highway , etc .
Where any police emergency motor car stops or parks a motor car in order to discuss any crime , control the speed and perform other police duties
Where any police emergency motor car stops or parks a motor car in order to discuss any crime , control the speed and perform other police duties
This page was modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
When the driver of any motor car is unable to drive a motor car due to failure or accident on an highway , etc. , the driver shall display a sign ( commonly known to as `` car repair sign '' ) directed by law of the Ministry of the Interior and Safety and then take steps to move his or her motor car to a place out of the highway , and . introduced by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013 Act No . 12844 , Nov. 19 , 2014 Act No . 14839 , Jul . 26 , 2017
This list was altered by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
Where the agent of a business , or an officer or officer of , or other people hired by , a company or an person reports any crimes mentioned in Articles 148 , 148-2 , 149 through 157 in connection with the business matters of the company or the person , the company or person will , in addition to treating the offenders therefore , be due to a fine or small fine defined in the appropriate Article : Provided , That this will not apply to cases where such company or individual has not been responsible in giving due attention and oversight of the necessary business affairs to prevent such crimes .
This page is revised by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
Where the driver of any motor car or bus damages the building or things of any other person due to criminal neglect or total liability , he or she will be punished by prison without work for not more than two years or by a fine not approaching five million won . introduced by Act No . 15530 , Mar . 27 , 2018
This is completely modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
A person who has caused another person to drive any poorly restored motor car or has taken any poorly restored motor car , in violation of Article 40
A person who makes , markets , sells , or uses a machine involved with operations of road control and for the reason of ignoring speed control , in violation of Article 46-2
A person who has prevented the act of making a report or taking steps when any road accident happens , in violation of Article 55
A person who has built road safety buildings or other natural buildings similar or without permission otherwise , in breach of Article 68 ( 1 )
Any boss who has caused any other person who has not received a bike driver 's permit , to drive a bike , in violation of Article 56 ( 2 )
`` breach of rules '' in this Chapter means the act of failure falling under any section of Article 156 or any section of Article 157 . The area to be be for by Presidential Decree .
`` victim '' in this Chapter means a person who makes a failure and falls under any of the following conditions :
A driver who refuses to show his or her driver 's license , etc . or a note in place of , or to answer a question of a police officer about his or her name and the approval of his or her driver 's license according to Article 92 ( 1 ) at the time he or she acts a crime
A person who causes any road accident by breaking rules : Provided , That a person who is not due to penalty for fraud in the practice of business leading in accident or death or total accidents involved in accident or death as found for in sections 3 ( 2 ) and 4 of the Act on Special Cases for the Settlement of Traffic Accidents , or a person who is excused from the punishment provided for in Article 151 of this Act , will be included .
`` punishment '' in this Chapter means the amount that a person must pay to the National Treasury or the bank of the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province in compliance with a warning arrangement provided for in Article 163 and the amount of consequences will be determined by Presidential Decree according to nature of the violation and the type of motor car , etc . interested .
This page totally updated by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
This page totally updated by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
executive fines provided for in Article 160 ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) shall be introduced and collected by the following people , as determined by federal order : approved by Act No . 12343 , Jan. 28 , 2014 Act No . 13829 , Jan. 27 , 2016 Act No . 15530 , Mar . 27 , 2018
the fines paid for in Article 160 ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) ( including where the flow of specific locks provided for in Article 15 ( 3 ) , the killing or parking of motor cars provided for in sections 32 through 34 , safety training of school buses for children provided for in Article 53-3 ( 1 ) , or duty of owners of school buses for children provided for in Article 53-3 ( 3 ) is breached ) : The chief of a county police agency
the fines paid for in Article 160 ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) ( including where the flow of specific locks provided for in Article 15 ( 3 ) , the killing or parking of motor cars provided for in sections 32 through 34 , safety training of school buses for children provided for in Article 53-3 ( 1 ) , or duty of owners of school buses for children provided for in Article 53-3 ( 3 ) is breached ) : The chief of a county police agency
criminal damages provided for in Article 160 ( 2 ) 4-3 and 4-4 , and ( 3 ) ( limited to where any of sections 15 ( 3 ) , 29 ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) , and 32 through 34 is violated ) : Mayors , etc .
the fines accounted for in Article 160 ( 2 ) 4-3 or 4-4 : The director of an office of school .
The secretary of a local police agency may not carry affairs related to the payment of criminal fines under this Act , to the Korea Asset Management Corporation created under the Act on the Efficient Disposal of Non-Performing Assets of Financial Companies and the development of Korea investment Management Corporation , as determined by royal order . Newly created by Act No . 13829 , Jan. 27 , 2016
This page fully modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
When driving a motor car on any water hole , no driver shall cause hurt to other people by hitting those people with muddy water
When driving a motor car on any water hole , no driver shall cause hurt to other people by hitting those people with muddy water
A person whose name or home is unknown
A person who is likely to escape
A person who wants to receive a crime compensation warning .
Where the Governor of the Jeju Special administrative city takes a position to serve the information according to sentence ( 1 ) , he or she will inform the chief of the appropriate police station of .
This section was modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
Pedestrians who walk roads , drivers of motor vehicles or buses , and horses of horses that move along roads shall observe lights and information received and given by road safety equipment and any of the following persons : introduced by Act No . 13425 , Jul . 24 , 2015 Act No . 15530 , Mar . 27 , 2018
State police officers who lead police ( including trained police officers where the same must apply ) and the independent police officers of the Jeju Special Self-Governing Province ( hereinafter known to as `` independent police officers '' )
Persons who help the State or independent police officers ( usually considered to as `` police officers '' ) permitted by Presidential Decree ( sometimes known to as `` police officers '' ) .
Where messages and directions delivered by road safety equipment mentioned to in section ( 1 ) are different from those given by State police officers , independent police officers , or police officers ( also called to as `` police officers , and . '' ) who direct people , civilians who walk the road , drivers of motor cars or trucks , and horses of animals that run along the road must follow such instructions and instructions given by police officers , and . approved by Act No . 15530 , Mar . 27 , 2018
This act fully modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
This act fully modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
The agreement on Road speed agreed in Geneva in 1949
The treaty on Road speed agreed in Vienna in 1968
A treaty , arrangement , or agreement on the total registration of foreign drivers permits between the Republic of Korea and a foreign country .
A person who is issued with an foreign driver 's license in any foreign country will be forbidden from driving any commercial motor car as provided for in the Passenger Transport Service Act or the Trucking Transport Business Act : Provided , That the same will not apply to cases where that person owns any rental motor car provided for in the Passenger Transport Service Act to drive such car .
A person falling under the reasons for detention from holding a driver 's license provided for in Article 82 ( 2 ) and for where the period that is described in any paragraph of the same section has not passed will not drive any motor car , despite section ( 1 ) .
This page is modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
The term `` motorcycle '' means any of the following :
A student license will be valid for one year from the date on which such student permit is granted : Provided , That where a person who has received a student permit receives a Class I driver 's license or a Class II driver 's license , such student permit shall become effective even if one year has passed from the date such license has been granted .
A person who has used a motor car without getting a driver 's license ( including a bike driver 's permit but the same should use in this case ) according to Article 80 ( including cases where the effect of the driver 's permit is cancelled ) or an foreign driver 's license ( including cases where the driving of any motor car is forbidden and the active period has ended ) according to Article 96 , in violation of Article 43
A person who has ridden a bike without receiving a bike driver 's license provided for in Article 80 , in breach of Article 43
A person who has ridden a bike without receiving a bike driver 's license provided for in Article 80 , in breach of Article 43
A person who has ridden a bike without receiving a bike driver 's license provided for in Article 80 , in breach of Article 43
Where a person drove a motor car , or . in violation of Article 43 or 96 ( 3 ) at least three times , two years from the date of such crime
Where a person drove a motor car , or . in violation of Article 43 or 96 ( 3 ) at least three times , two years from the date of such crime
Each person who wants to create and run a driving school ( usually called to as `` driving school '' ) shall have the driving school registered with the chief of a local police agency , as determined by federal Decree , after meeting necessary conditions , such as equipment , equipment , etc . provided for in Article 101 , the set number of teachers and the guidelines for their assignment to classes paid for in Article 103 . The same use if where such person to to change any of the matters set in by law as .
This act fully modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
No person who continues to have his or her driving school registered according to Article 99 will do any of the following acts in return for money :
Driving school of motor cars , eh . performed outside a driving school , or , or performed in a driving school , or , after using the name of a driving school , and .
creating areas to practice driving a motor car , etc . and asking people to make use of such services .
This section is modified by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
A person who has lost the parts under the shoulder bones of both arms or the person who is unable to use both arms : Provided , That the same will not exist where a person can normally drive a motor car designed to meet the needs of that person 's mental condition
When that person is due to consideration of suspension of his or her driver 's license
When that person is due to consideration of suspension of his or her driver 's license
The term `` school bus for children '' means a motor car used for delivery , etc . of children to and from an institution for teaching of children ( relating to people older than 13 years old and the same will apply ) among the following facilities , and a motor car for public service business run for children as its customers after receiving a limited license for the public service business under Article 4 ( 3 ) of the Passenger Transport Service Act :
The term `` school bus for children '' means a motor car used for delivery , etc . of children to and from an institution for teaching of children ( relating to people older than 13 years old and the same will apply ) among the following facilities , and a motor car for public service business run for children as its customers after receiving a limited license for the public service business under Article 4 ( 3 ) of the Passenger Transport Service Act :
Each driver of any school buses for children shall operate alarm lights , and . provided for in Article 51 ( 1 ) only where children or babies board and embark from such school bus and must make the identification provided for in Article 51 ( 3 ) only where such school bus is working with children and babies on line . introduced by Act No . 12917 , Dec. 30 , 2014
Each driver of any school buses for children shall operate alarm lights , and . provided for in Article 51 ( 1 ) only where children or babies board and embark from such school bus and must make the identification provided for in Article 51 ( 3 ) only where such school bus is working with children and babies on line . introduced by Act No . 12917 , Dec. 30 , 2014
Each owner of any school board for children will allow for any of the following children to line the school car with children or babies boarded , and the mother onboard will , when the children or babies get in or get out of the school bus , take steps necessary for the safety of children , such as getting off the school bus to verify the safe landing and landing of the children or children and providing that children or babies are sat with their seat seats locked during the use of the motor car : approved by Act No . 12343 , Jan. 28 , 2014 Act No . 12917 , Dec. 30 , 2014
A student of any school provided for in the Early years school Act and any primary school or any special school provided for in the primary and special school Act
A kindergarten is provided for in section 5 of Article 2 of the Child Care Act
An officer provided for in Article 13 ( 1 ) of the Act on the Establishment and Operation of Private Teaching Institutes and educational Lessons
A person who works for any sports services provided for in the Installation and Utilization of Sports Facilities Act
A person chosen by the owner of any school school for children .
After the driver of a school car for children starts driving the appropriate school car for children , he or she must check whether all the children or babies have landed again . Newly introduced by Act No . 14356 , Dec. 2 , 2016
When each driver of any school bus for children tests whether all the children or babies have departed from such school board according to section ( 4 ) , he or she must run a system to check whether no child or baby is on board ( also called to as `` the machine '' ) . Newly placed by Act No . 15807 , Oct. 16 , 2018
This page is altered by Act No . 10790 , Jun . 8 , 2011
A person who has violated Article 22 , 23 , 29 ( 4 ) through ( 6 ) , 53-2 , 60 , 64 , 65 , or 66
An operator who has run a school service for children without having a parent aboard , in violation of Article 53 ( 3 )
The chief of a police station or Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Governor shall order or send to a person who comes under Article 165 ( 1 ) 1 of the Act ( now referred to as `` person related to the trial at the scene '' ) a warrant for preliminary court , telling him or her of the date , time , place , and . at which he or she will make an arrest for a preliminary trial , at least ten days before the court date . authorized by federal Decree No . 28055 , May 29 , 2017
If it is difficult to continue with a criminal case because a person called to the court at the scene refuses to appear on the preliminary court date , the chief of the police station or Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Governor shall send a special letter of request for attendance for the court , telling him or her of the set date , time , place , and . at which he or she will make an arrest for a preliminary case , at least ten days before the court date set . modified by royal Decree No . 28055 , May 29 , 2017
If it becomes difficult to continue with the main case any further because the person due to the court at the scene fails to appear , even after sending a formal notice of need for presence for the court in agreement with section ( 2 ) , the chief of the police station may suspend the application of the driver 's test held by the affected person permanently according to Article 93 of the Act .
The chief of a police station or Jeju Special Self-Governing Province Governor , who wants to request a criminal court according to section 165 ( 1 ) of the Act , shall prepare a request for the court , and must report it to the responsible court . approved by federal Decree No . 28055 , May 29 , 2017
This is entirely modified by Presidential Decree No . 24644 , Jun . 28 , 2013
The term `` foreign Korean '' in this Act means a person who comes under any of the following conditions :
A national of the Republic of Korea who has obtained the right of temporary possession in a foreign country or is living in a foreign country with a view to living there indefinitely ( also called to as a `` Korean national living overseas '' )
A person determined by a proclamation from among those who , having held the citizenship of the Republic of Korea ( including those who had moved overseas before the Government of the Republic of Korea was founded ) or as their male ancestors , have obtained the citizenship of a foreign country ( commonly called to as a `` foreign citizenship Korean '' ) .
This section is modified by Act No . 8896 , Mar . 14 , 2008
A person who wants to enter middle school will present an assignment form for a middle school to a department for administration of middle school entrance to to which the primary school from which he or she finished belongs : Provided , That where he or she fell under any of the following conditions , it will be sent to the head of the area office of school involved :
members of middle school schools : The head of the school office of school having authority over their places of home
students from high school whose places of home have been moved and who fall under any of sections of Article 96 : The head of the school office of school having authority over an entire school which makes their places of home a school building .
The head of the state office of school shall assign schools for students for entrance to middle schools to enter through procedure according to schools and school groups , and for schools which are very remote and have the opportunities for children to go to school , he or she will assign schools to be opened according to the middle school schools set by the secretary of school .
Where middle schools are assigned through lottery , candidates for entrance to middle schools located in schools decided and officially informed by the commissioner of school may choose and apply for at least two schools according to rules and methods decided by the commissioner of school , and the head of the school office of school may assign all or part of the set number of the appropriate school through selection from among those candidates for entrance .
The schools , school groups , middle school schools , and the procedures called to in section ( 1 ) must be decided by the commissioner of school through a motion of the City/Do council . Amended by executive Decree No . 25961 , Jan. 6 , 2015
Where the director of school decides schools , inc . according to paragraph ( 3 ) , he or she will not inform such fact .
The reason of this Act is to add to the safety of employees by paying them immediately and fairly for any employment accident through the industrial accident liability insurance business , by setting and operating insurance services necessary to enable the recovery of employees suffering from industrial injuries and their return to society , and by carrying out accident protection projects and employees ' safety projects , etc .
This Act will apply to every business or company that uses employees ( where called to as `` business '' ) : Provided , That this Act will not apply to business designed by Presidential Decree in respect of their risk rates , sizes , places , etc .
The terms used in this Act will be described as follows : introduced by Act No . 9988 , Jan. 27 , 2010 Act No . 10305 , May 20 , 2010 Act No . 10339 , Jun . 4 , 2010 Act No . 11569 , Dec. 18 , 2012 Act No . 14933 , Oct. 24 , 2017 Act No . 15665 , Jun . 12 , 2018
The term `` employment accident '' means any accident , illness , loss or death of an individual which is caused by an employment reason
The terms `` officer '' , `` employee '' , `` average pay '' , and `` normal pay '' mean such `` employee '' , `` salary '' , `` average pay '' , and `` normal work '' , and as described in the Labor Standards Act : Provided , That where it is considered difficult to find a `` pay '' or `` average pay '' according to the Labor Standards Act , the amount decided and officially announced by the Minister of education and Labor shall be the appropriate `` pay '' or `` average pay ''
The term `` victim '' means a husband ( including a person who is in a de facto marital situation the same will apply to ) , children , parent , child , parent , brother , or sister of the dead person
The term `` cure '' means getting a state in which an accident or illness has been completely cured or there are no further expected effects of treatment with its effects remaining intact
The term `` handicap '' means a state in which an accident or disease has been solved , but the ability to work has been lost or reduced due to mental or physical harm
The term `` absence '' means a state in which the opportunity to work has been lost or reduced due to psychological or physical damage caused by an employment accident or illness , which remains unknown
The term `` cancer '' means a lung cancer , the main cause of which is the cancer caused by the breathing of dirt dust
The term `` travelling '' means a change between a home and a place of work or from one place of work to another place of work in connection with job .
Medical care benefits will be paid to any worker who loses from an accident or illness caused by reason of his or her activities .
The medical care costs mentioned to in section ( 1 ) shall be given in the form of the medical care at an international accident related medical facility according to Article 43 ( 1 ) : Provided , That medical care costs may be paid in place of the medical care in certain circumstances .
In cases of section ( 1 ) , if an accident or illness is to be healed through medical care within three days , no medical care costs shall be paid .
The range of the medical care services pointed to in section ( 1 ) shall be as is : altered by Act No . 10339 , Jun . 4 , 2010
Medical appointment and care
supply of drugs or therapy resources , artificial limbs , and other medical devices
diagnosis , surgery , and other medical care
medical care
care
medical and patient care
the
Other things decided by law of the Ministry of Employment and Labor .
The standard for calculating the medical care costs called to in sections ( 2 ) and ( 4 ) , such as the scope and costs of , and , will be determined by law of the Ministry of Employment and Labor . updated by Act No . 10339 , Jun . 4 , 2010
Where the medical injury related medical facility at which an individual suffering from an industrial accident is to receive medical care , is a primary care hospital called to in Article 43 ( 1 ) 2 , there shall be a medical opinion that the patient needs to receive medical care at a primary care hospital , but where the person is an accident person as required in section 1 of Article 2 of the Emergency Medical Service Act or except in emergency reasons . introduced by Act No . 10305 , May 20 , 2010
Where an individual getting medical care due to an industrial injury falls under any of the following conditions , he or she may use for medical care services for an extra accident or illness ( also called to as `` extra accident or problem '' ) :
Where medical care is needed as an accident or a disease which has emerged from the industrial accident has been further discovered
Where medical care is needed as a new condition happens as a result of an accident or a disease which has emerged from the workplace accident .
the medication under Article 112 will be canceled by a request sent under Article 36 ( 2 ) . In such cases , where the request is the first request for a decision on whether the case is an employment accident given in section 1 of Article 5 , the absence of treatment coming from the request will affect the other medical programs mentioned to in Article 36 ( 1 ) .
No public charges of the State or local governments can be placed on any money or assets offered as security benefits .
permanent employment compensation will be paid to any employee who has an employment accident or illness for a period during which the person is unable to work for getting medical care , and the daily amount of permanent health benefits shall be an amount equivalent to 70/100 of his or her average salary : Provided , That where the period of not being able to work is three days or less , such duties will not be paid .
If a beneficiary of security services dies and there remains any such costs paid , but not yet paid , to the deceased , such security effects shall be paid upon a case filed by any of his or her victims ( in cases of victims ' compensation , other people entitled to such claims ) .
In the case of section ( 1 ) , if the deceased tries to claim his or her security rights prior to his or her death , the security claims will be paid upon a case lodged by any of his or her victims as defined by the said sentence .
The Service may allow any person who is likely to be placed under additional medical care due to the discovery of a problem , then , among people who their employment accidents or conditions have been cured , to receive care necessary for the protection of at an international accident related medical officer . approved by Act No . 15665 , Jun . 12 , 2018
The specific things necessary for the steps under section ( 1 ) , such as the names and details of care and the rules for measuring care costs , must be designated by Presidential Decree . Newly introduced by Act No . 15665 , Jun . 12 , 2018
This section entirely altered by Act No . 9988 , Jan. 27 , 2010
Where a person for evaluation or review dies , if he or she is a beneficiary of security services , his or her condition will be passed by his or her families as defined in Article 62 ( 1 ) or 81 , and , if not , by his or her sons or daughters or a person who has applied to the right or interest related to the medical claims which are the matter matter of the request for inspection or examination .
`` Any of the conditions as suggested by Presidential Decree '' in the reference to Article 37 ( 2 ) of the Act applies to a case falling under any of the following :
Where a person who received or is getting medical care for personal disease resulting from a job ground does harm in a state of mental illness
Where a person who is getting medical care due to an industrial accident does it in a state of mental illness caused by the industrial accident
Other cases where the fact that harm is done in a state of mental illness due to a job ground is not known .
Article 65 ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) and ( 4 ) of the Act shall apply the ratio to judgment on payment of any paid security claims as recommended in Article 81 of the Act .
Article 65 ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) and ( 4 ) of the Act shall apply the ratio to judgment on payment of any paid security claims as recommended in Article 81 of the Act .
`` Business required by government Decree '' in the reference to Article 6 of the Industrial Accident Compensation Insurance Act ( also called to as the `` Act '' ) means any of the following business or employees ( also called to as `` business '' ) : altered by federal Decree No . 20966 , Aug. 7 , 2008 Presidential Decree No . 22101 , Mar . 26 , 2010 Presidential Decree No . 26196 , may . 14 , 2015 Presidential Decree No . 29180 , Sep. 18 , 2018
Business available for cover under an injury care system according to the Public Officials Accident Compensation Act or the Military Pension Act : Provided , That this will avoid cases where regulations regarding victims advantages for a public official who died in the line of duty or victims claims for a public official who died in the line of dangerous duty according to Article 60 of the Public Officials Accident Compensation Act apply
Business responsible for cover under an accident protection system according to the workers ' Act , the Act on Accident Compensation Insurance for Fishers and Fishing Vessels , or the Pension for Private School Teachers and Staff Act
removed by federal Decree No . 28506 , Dec. 26 , 2017
work services within families
removed by federal Decree No . 28506 , Dec. 26 , 2017
Business run by a person other than a business among farming , timber ( including mining industry ) , seafood , or fishing business , whose normal staff is less than five .
Except as otherwise found in this law , the definition of the business related to in the scope of section ( 1 ) shall be subject to the Korean Standard Industrial Classification Table released by the director of the Statistics Korea under the Statistics Act ( also called to as the Korean Standard Industrial Classification Table ) . modified by executive Decree No . 28506 , Dec. 26 , 2017
removed . by executive Decree No . 28506 , Dec. 26 , 2017
A public health center that met the standards for patients called to in Article 3 ( 2 ) 3 ( a ) of the Medical Service Act , may use public health care in its title .
A local government may create a unit of a public health center ( also called to as public health unit ) in accordance with the standard prescribed by Presidential Decree , according to the constitution of the local government , if necessary for the public health center to provide its services .
When the Service has agreed to collect any unfair losses as required in Article 84 of the Act , it will immediately inform the person responsible for the charge that he or she should pay such amount .
A person who gets the warning under section ( 1 ) shall pay the amount within 30 days after getting the information .
A person who wishes to receive fully temporary injury pay services shall file a complaint with the Service with the papers recommended by law of the Ministry of Employment and Labor attached to . approved by government Decree No . 22269 , Jul . 12 , 2010
Upon notice of the claim mentioned to in section ( 1 ) , the Service will decide whether to make the delivery after taking into care the person 's state of accident or illness , job responsibilities , working hours , and , and tell the owner of the choice .
An options suit may be described as follows :
removal suit : It means a suit established to cancel or change an illegal proceeding , etc . by an executive agency
Suit finding proof of failure , etc . : It means a suit established to pursue the approval of existence or presence of a decision , etc . by an executive agency
Suit for evidence of innocence of an act : It means a suit initiated to prove the existence of an act by an executive agency .
A civil suit may be initiated by a person having legal interests to obtain the removal of a gift , etc . The same will also apply to a person with lawful interests to be recovered by the return of a possession even after the effect of such a transaction , etc . ends upon the period of period , the action of the decision , etc . and other causes .
Except as otherwise provided for in other Acts , the plaintiff to a removal suit will be the executive agency that has made the decision , etc . in question : Provided , That where the power related to such a decision , etc . is passed to another executive agency after the decision , etc . is made , the latter will be the jury .
If the legal authority as mentioned to in section ( 1 ) no longer stands , the plaintiff will be the State or a public organization to which things about such a consideration , etc . return .
these cases will be classified into the following four types : introduced by Act No . 4017 , Aug. 5 , 1988
actions suit : It means a suit established against a decision , etc . or an order by an executive agency
Party suit : It means a suit about legal matters , cause of which is a decision , etc . delivered by an executive agency , and a suit over legal matters under public law , in which one of the parties to the legal situation is a plaintiff
Public suit : It means a suit brought by a person without any direct interest in order to obtain the punishment of crimes by the State or bodies of public bodies
Agency suit : It means a suit filed when claims occur over the presence or use of power between authorities of the State or parts of public institutions , except for a suit initiated against things under the power of the Constitutional Court under Article 2 of the Constitutional Court Act .
If the period for establishing a party suit is indicated in Acts and lower laws , such a period will be a temporary term .
A suit against the public or any authority may be established only in such cases and by such people as designated in Acts .
With respect to a suit filed against the public or an office to seek the termination of a decision , and , the regulations guiding these cases must use per manner , unless it is opposite to its nature .
With respect to a suit filed against the public or an authority to seek the proof of success or presence of a decision , etc. , or the existence of an act , the regulations regarding cases for the purpose of void , etc . or that of it must apply corpus corpus , unless it is true to its nature .
With respect to a suit brought against the public or an authority other than those as provided for in sections ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , the regulations regarding party suits shall apply mutatis mutandis , unless it is contrary to its nature .
A decision , etc . will be subject to a penalty suit : Provided , That in the case of a suit for the cancellation of an act , it is allowed only when the action itself is legal .
A new suit will be initiated within 90 days from the date a decision is known : Provided , That in a case provided for in the amendment to Article 18 ( 1 ) , or a case where a request for an executive action is made , or a case where an executive agency informs falsely that a request for an government action is allowed , the period during which a request for an official action is made will be calculated from the date an original of a written order is served .
A suspension suit will not be established after the period of one year from the date the decision is made ( in the case of the reference to sentence ( 1 ) , one year from the date the decision is made ) : Provided , That this will not apply where any rational reason appears .
The period as required in section ( 1 ) shall be a temporary term .
This section fully modified by Act No . 4770 , Jul . 27 , 1994
A suit seeking proof of failure , etc . may be initiated by a person having legal interests in checking existence or presence of a decision , etc .
A suit for proof of enforcement of an act may be established only by a person who has made a request for a sale , and has legal interests in proving existence of the action .
The State , a public institution and other persons of rights will stand as a defendant in a party suit .
The period determined under this Act will be expanded from 14 days to 20 days for the later execution of an act of lawsuit outside the country , from 30 days to 60 days for a petition for trial by a third person outside the country , and from 60 days to 90 days for the operation of a suit outside the country .
The court of the first instance , which has authority over a removal suit , will be an executive court having authority over the location of the victim . introduced by Act No . 12596 , May 20 , 2014
though section ( 1 ) , a registration suit against a person falling under any of the following may be conducted with an executive court having authority over the location of the Supreme Court : Newly introduced by Act No . 12596 , May 20 , 2014
A central executive agency , an office associated with a central government agency , a common executive agency or its head
A public institution which takes care of government affairs under jurisdiction or responsibility or its head .
A suit for cancellation of a decision about the sale of land , and real property or a particular place may be filed with an executive court having authority over the location of the real property or the place .
This entry totally modified Act No . 4770 , Jul . 27 , 1994
The regulations of Article 34 ( 1 ) of the Civil Procedure Act will also apply to a case where an official suit is also filed by a defendant to the court of any different occasion without any idea or absolute responsibility on his or her part . modified by Act No . 6626 , Jan. 26 , 2002
The regulations of sections 9 , 10 , 13 through 17 , 19 , 22 through 26 , 29 through 31 , and 33 shall apply the ratio to a suit for approval of void , etc .
The regulations of sections 9 , 10 , 13 through 19 , 20 , 25 through 27 , 29 through 31 , 33 and 34 shall apply as corpus to a suit for proof of existence of an act . modified by Act No . 4770 , Jul . 27 , 1994
The court may cancel a mandatory decision given by an executive agency where it is outside the jurisdiction of the executive agency or it is violated .
The court , if it finds it necessary , may examine the matter ex estate , and make a decision as to the facts not claimed by the party .
Except as otherwise provided for in other Acts , all cases will be ruled by this Act .
With respect to the things not allowed for in this Act regarding legal matters , the regulations of the Court Organization Act , the Civil Procedure Act , and the Civil Execution Act will refer to as . adopted by Act No . 6627 , Jan. 26 , 2002
The reason of this Act is to provide security in the domestic life of national citizens , by creating for special cases to the Civil Act , with regard to the rent of buildings for possession .
This page is modified by Act No . 8923 , Mar . 21 , 2008
This Act will apply to rent of the whole or part of buildings for home ( also called to as `` house '' ) . This clause must also hold in cases where a part of a rented house is used for any reason other than possession .
This is entirely modified by Act No . 8923 , Mar . 21 , 2008
This Act will apply to bonus to a deal for rent of an existing house on a transfer foundation . In such cases , `` security money for rent on a loan form '' shall be interpreted as `` payment for rent '' .
This act is modified by Act No . 8923 , Mar . 21 , 2008
If it is clear that the rent is for a temporary use , this Act will not be used .
This section is modified by Act No . 8923 , Mar . 21 , 2008
Any arrangement contrary to this Act and favorable to the receiver will be effective .
This page totally revised by Act No . 8923 , Mar . 21 , 2008
The owner ( including any person who has failed to the right to rent ) of a rented house shall be considered to have passed to the position of the owner . introduced by Act No . 12043 , Aug. 13 , 2013
sections 6 , 7 , 10 and 11-2 of the court of Small Claims Act shall apply this law to the litigation filed by the tenant against the owner to request the amount of payment .
This is totally modified by Act No . 8923 , Mar . 21 , 2008
sections 575 ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) , and 578 of the Civil Act shall apply to as where a house that is the subject of a rent under this Act , becomes the subject of a sale or public sale . introduced by Act No . 12043 , Aug. 13 , 2013
`` companies with known right of standing '' in the latter part of Article 3 ( 2 ) of the Housing Lease Protection Act ( commonly known to as the `` Act '' ) means the following companies : approved by congressional Decree No . 21744 , Sep. 21 , 2009
Korea Land and Housing Corporation created under the Korea Land and Housing Corporation Act
Local public institutions created for housing affairs according to Article 49 of the Local Public Enterprises Act .
This page fully modified by royal Decree No . 20971 , Aug. 21 , 2008
application will be made for the identification of real estate and for the protection , change , change , change of , or limitations on possession or use of any of the following rights :
and
the
peace
Rights to rent on a loan level
the
oath of rights
Security rights over claims
mortgage interest .
Anyone may request a license to allow him or her to see all or part of things written in a service record or to offer a document of those things , as recommended by the Supreme Court Regulations , upon paying charges : Provided , That he or she may ask a record to allow him or her to read only the part of records related to a record record in which he or she has interest .
claims for possession and execution of a record of registered things under section ( 1 ) may be also made at any location in addition to the local domain .
charges under section ( 1 ) and the range of objection thus will be defined by the Supreme Court Regulations .
The first order of additional membership will agree with that of main deposit : Provided , That the priority order among the entries referring to main entry shall agree with the order of registration .
Where a recorder records the development of land interests or the sale of rented objects , he or she will record the following things in addition to things defined in Article 48 : Provided , That if reasons for identification include matters under sections 3 through 5 , lines 3 through 5 shall be registered :
Rent
Timing for paying prices
Period of absence : Provided , That where it is a temporary rent under Article 619 of the Civil Act by a landlord having no knowledge or power of destruction , such purport shall also be marked
Security bond for rent
permission from a landlord regarding the discharge of mortgage interest or sale of rented objects
Where the extent of development of land interest or the concept of sale of rented objects is part of real property , the number of pictures showing such part .
Where the extent of development of land interest or the concept of sale of rented objects is part of real property , the number of pictures showing such part .
Any person who is neither a registered real estate agent ( or an associated registered real estate agent ) nor a legal person will be forbidden from making a certificate of the opening of a business office under article ( 1 ) .
rules for managing the institution of business offices according to section ( 1 ) shall be determined by Presidential Decree .
In the main test , the complete candidates will be the people who win not less than 40 points in each field as well as an average of not less than 60 points in all classes , by making 100 points as a perfect score for each part .
In the main test , the complete candidates will be the people who win not less than 40 points in each field as well as an average of not less than 60 points in all classes , by making 100 points as a perfect score for each part .
Where the number of failed candidates selected under the reference to section ( 2 ) and section ( 5 ) reaches the planned number of people to be picked due to the same goals , all of such same persons will be considered as failed persons .
The head of the said organization may , when considered necessary to maintain harmony among students , announce in advance the least number or percentage of failed students , due to the choice of the election Committee . Amended by royal Decree No . 25522 , Jul . 28 , 2014
Where the total number or number of successful candidates is declared according to clause ( 4 ) , if people who gain not less than 40 points in each matter and an increase of not less than 60 points in all categories in the primary inspection fall short of the required total number or percentage of successful students , the possible students may be identified in the order of the higher student in the total points on all courses from among those who earn not less than 40 points in each matter , within the limit of the required total number or percentage of failed students .
Article 135 of the Commercial Act shall apply this jurisdiction to a service service consumer 's responsibility for harm caused by loss , destruction , or late delivery of goods ( usually called to as `` accident in delivery '' ) .
For the reason of using section ( 1 ) , cargo that has not been shipped within three months after the date for delivery will be considered lost .
The Minister of Land , investment and waste may settle a conflict over responsibility for damage under section ( 1 ) at the passenger 's request , as proposed by act of the Minister of Land , development and shipping . modified by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 . 2013
Upon payment of a request from a person for resolution of a matter under section ( 3 ) , the Minister of Land , transportation and communication shall examine the appropriate facts , examine losses , and prepare a final negotiation plan without wait . modified by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 . 2013
Where both parties to a conflict offer a suggested negotiation agreement under section ( 4 ) , it will be considered that an agreement similar with the planned negotiation agreement is made between the parties .
The Minister of Land , construction and construction may leave business affairs for resolution of conflicts under articles ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) to the Korea Consumer Agency under Article 33 ( 1 ) of the Framework Act on Consumers or a citizens ' organization formed in agreement with Article 29 ( 1 ) of the aforementioned Act . modified by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 . 2013
Where there is no public public in the territory of a city public lawyers ' office or a person public is unable to perform his or her services , or it is considered as necessary for the sake of residents , the Minister of Justice may have a public attorney or the chief of the record office in the territory perform the duties of a general public .
This page fully revised by Act No . 9416 , Feb. 6 , 2009
If a person public wants to create or move his or her office , he or she will get the permission of the Minister of Justice .
The institution and use of a joint office of an elected attorney public and other necessary things will be proposed by Presidential Decree .
A secretary public will conduct his or her services at his or her office : Provided , That this will not use where he or she is unable do his or her duties at his or her office on account of the nature of the case , or if it is also provided in other laws .
This is totally approved by Act No . 9416 , Feb. 6 , 2009
No documents and books called to in the following section will be taken out of a certain public office , unless it is impossible to hide from a danger or an order or permission is received from the Minister of Justice or the chief public attorney of the city public attorneys ' office which he or she works for : introduced by Act No . 11823 , May . 28 , 2013 Act No . 15150 , Dec. 12 , 2017
old acts and documents connected to prepared by a person public
records of wills signed by private people and documents connected to kept by a general public according to Article 57 ( 4 )
papers of organization ( including acts signed by private people and minutes of a company available as mutandis according to regulations 57-2 ( 7 ) and 66-2 ( 5 ) ) and documents connected to kept by a general public according to Article 63 ( 3 )
Information , electronic documents , etc . and documents connected to kept or kept by a selected general public according to Article 66-8 ( 1 ) and ( 2 )
Other books prepared by a lawyer public in agreement with laws .
Documents , c . related to in sentence ( 1 ) may be kept in paper or by other electronic information handling systems .
Where the papers , and . called to in section ( 1 ) are kept intact or kept according to section ( 2 ) , the means of keeping documents , where and how long to keep them , loss of , and other necessary things will be determined by regulations of the Ministry of Justice .
This is partly modified by Act No . 9416 , Feb. 6 , 2009
mandatory action against them will be made by a court upon a move of a defendant .
mandatory death will be achieved by the following means :
mandatory lottery
mandatory education .
A person may , at his or her choice , have the operation accomplished by any of the means provided in each section of section ( 2 ) , or achieved by simultaneously using the two means .
mandatory management may be used also for the execution of a temporary arrest .
debts allowed to receive a division of amounts provided in Article 147 ( 1 ) shall be as follows :
action debts who have made a wish not later than the construction period for requesting a delivery
debts who have requested a delivery not later than the execution period for requesting a delivery
temporary arrest employees who have been recorded before to the receipt of a choice on starting the first event
debts who have what has been recorded before to the date of a choice on starting the first estate and what is to be destroyed by the sale , which are the loan , right to rent on a fee level , and other reasons for alternative paid .
the possession will be under the responsibility of the county court having authority over the location of the objects to be temporarily confiscated , or under that of the court having authority over the issues .
legal contract prepared by a lawyer public in support of the demands looking at the payment of certain amount , or at the payment of a certain amount of replacement parts or bonds , and which states the right of giving a permission of the person to the necessary action
temporary possession may be made in order to keep the action against the property or assets in support of a financial claim or a statement fixed into the money .
temporary possession may be made even where a claim under paragraph ( 1 ) is uncertain , or whose term has been not yet due .
temporary arrest may be made where , unless such movement is not possible , an operation of the decision is possible , or there is a worry about the substantial trouble in operating the judgment .
A decision on the request for a temporary arrest may be made without holding any charges .
Even when the reasons for a received claim or a temporary arrest have not been proven , the court may order a temporary detention when the security determined by the court has been provided for the losses recovered by the victim due to a temporary possession .
Even when the reasons for a sought claim and a temporary arrest have been found , the court may order a temporary arrest by having the security provided .
When a system has been provided , the design of the security and the means of providing the security must be placed in the order of temporary arrest .
Where it fell under any of the following , the court that takes authority over the procedures of property description may , according to the request of the person who has filed for such property description , ask about the property under attorney 's title of the public authorities , financial banks , groups , others , which control the computer systems on the property and credit of persons : updated by Act No . 7358 , Jan. 27 , 2005
Where it is recognized that the defendant , regarding the matter of property description , has failed to obey due to a cause under Article 194 ( 1 ) of the Civil Procedure Act even though he or she received an order to change his or her name under Article 62 ( 6 )
Where the assets on the property list presented by the defendant fall short of the performance of the charges regarding the requirements of property description
Where there are causes that fall under sections of Article 68 ( 1 ) or sentence ( 9 ) of the same Article about the terms of property description .
Where the defendant files an action under section ( 1 ) , he or she will provide the agency or entity to be asked of , and pay in advance the costs for such investigation .
Where the court makes an investigation under section ( 1 ) , it may , by means of a paper stating the person 's personal affairs , tell the head of the responsible agency or organization to collect completely , and to report , the information on the client 's property and credit that are held by such agency or organization .
The public agency , financial agency , association , etc . shall not fail , without good cause , the investigation under sections ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) .
The public agency , financial agency , association , etc . shall not fail , without good cause , the investigation under sections ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) .
In performing a decision to proceed an expensive case , the possession of the property will be together ordered .
No possession will affect the control and use of assets by the owner .
After a decision to begin the sale practice has been made , the court may , either ex bono or upon request of an interested party , take steps necessary for avoiding any act of interference on the property .
The arrest will become active when a decision which has been served on the defendant or a record according to Article 94 has been made .
An urgent argument may be brought against a decision to remove or deny without reason an action for an market .
When a sale following the decision on conclusion of sale has become active ( including cases where there has been another choice on termination of sale prior to the said choice on beginning of sale ) , the court of action will fix the date period to request a delivery as being before to the first sale date , by taking account of the period required for the operations .
When the time period to order a delivery has been set , the court will not announce the effect of a decision on beginning of market and the final period to request a delivery , and inform of to the person with a right to rent on a payment condition under the amendment to Article 91 ( 4 ) and to the defendant under Article 88 ( 1 ) who has been known to the court .
A choice on the end period to request a delivery under section ( 1 ) , and the public announcement under section ( 2 ) , must be made within one week from the time a possession following the choice on beginning of sale has become available .
The junior executive officer , and . of a court must give a formal notice to the defendant under sections 3 and 4 of Article 148 and the public body in charge of taxes and other public charges , to file a report with the court on the presence of the cases , and their causes and amounts ( including the chief , interests , costs and other related matters ) , by not later than the execution period to request a delivery .
When the person under sections 3 and 4 of Article 148 fails to file a report with regard to the execution notice under section ( 4 ) , the amount of charges by such person will be determined according to the records and information found in the death records , such as a record of recorded things . In such cases , the amount of charges will not be added . approved by Act No . 10580 , mar . 12 , 2011
If considered especially necessary , the court may extend the delivery period to order a delivery .
sections ( 2 ) and ( 4 ) shall apply as only to cases falling under section ( 6 ) : Provided , That no warning or a notice under sections ( 2 ) and ( 4 ) shall be made or given to the person who has already made a call for delivery or a report on charges .
When a court finds that there will remain a balance if the expenses and the costs under Article 102 ( 1 ) are paid with the minimum bid price , or when an action agent has made the request under Article 102 ( 2 ) and provided a necessary condition , the court shall fix ex ex the date of auction and that of the choice of the auction , and make public announcement of by the means as determined by the Supreme Court Regulations .
The court will inform the interested parties of the date of auction and that of the choice on the auction .
The message mentioned to in section ( 2 ) may be sent to the names of the interested parties identified in the operation record by the procedure as decided by the Supreme Court Regulations .
Where the sale is made by the means of term sale , section ( 1 ) through ( 3 ) shall also apply to the period of auction .
If a decision on giving license for sale has become final and final , the court will fix the time limit for delivery of the price , and warn the failed buyer and the next highest buyer of .
The winning buyer must pay the price of the deal not later than the time limit for delivery of the price under section ( 1 ) .
Where money has been provided as the reason for a request for sale , such money will be contained in the receipts of sale .
Where other items than money have been provided as the promise for a request for sale , if the final buyer has paid only the closing amount after paying the promise amount from the sale price , the court will take the contract and adjust the amount received by paying the costs for such action into the amount of sale identical to the promised amount and into the outstanding interests thus , and if there is any sufficient amount , the court shall again fix the time limit for paid of price and require the failed buyer to pay the price .
Article 138 ( 3 ) shall apply in ratio to the unpaid interests under section ( 4 ) .
The next highest buyer will be excused from his or her duty for sale when the involved buyer has fully paid the price and may immediately request a return of the promise for a request for bet .
In giving a decision on entering a mandatory government , a court will prevent the defendant from engaging in the official affairs and also from taking of any income from the estate and shall order the third party who is to pay the costs to the customer , to pay them to the owner .
goods which have been or are to be seen , and those which have become or are to become due , shall belong to the profits under section ( 1 ) .
A decision on starting a mandatory service shall take effect to the third parties only upon service of a written judgment on them .
An urgent objection may be made against a decision on either rejecting , or presenting without regard , a request for mandatory service .
An agent will pay the costs for management of estates with the profits and less any taxes and other public charges to be placed on such property , and pay the left amount to the debts .
In cases falling under section ( 1 ) , when it is possible to make all debts happy , the manager shall make the transfer in agreement with the commission on delivery among the customers .
Where any cooperation on delivery has not been reached among the customers , the manager shall file a report on the reasons thus to the court .
Where a report under section ( 3 ) is written , the court shall prepare a transfer plan by using for corpus Articles 145 , 146 , and 148 through 161 and will require the owner to pay to the debts in agreement with .
Any of the following documents will be attached to a written request for a mandatory sale in addition to the original document : modified by Act No . 10580 , mar . 12 , 2011
For property listed as bought by the owner , a register of registered things
For those owned as used by the owner , a paper stating that they may be immediately registered in the owner 's name : Provided , That if such buildings are registered buildings , a record indicating that such buildings are occupied by the owner , a paper indicating the package number , shape and size of such buildings , and a paper of a building permission or a building report in respect of such buildings .
debts may request the public agency in charge of official books to prove things under the reference to section ( 1 ) 2 .
In cases falling under the rule to paragraph ( 1 ) 2 , when debts fail to confirm the package number , shape and size of the buildings , he or she may ask the court of action to examine it , simultaneously with seeking an action for sale .
In case falling under sentence ( 3 ) , the court must have an enforcement officer examine such case .
Where the items have already been taken for the reason of mandatory education , if the documents falling under any section of section ( 1 ) are attached to the death record of , a second addition of such documents may be provided with .
A possession of the goods in custody of the defendant will be made by taking custody of by the court officer : Provided , That when the defendant agrees to or their delivery is possible , they may be left in the care of the prisoner by saying , by the closing or by other means , that they are the captured objects .
Any of the following objects can be considered to be physical objects in this Act :
references to the unknown land , which may separately be the objects of negotiation
vegetables before removal from the land , which may be grown within one month
products for which an approval is not permitted .
An enforcement officer shall inform the customer of the reason for a crime .
After making the arrest , an enforcement officer shall make a sale of the stolen objects by auction or by means of a quoted sale .
criminal action against a defendant 's financial claim against a third party and other rights of his or hers seeking at a loss of rights for , or a gift of , bonds or other financial matters against a third party , will be initiated by an order of arrest signed by the court of action .
An action buyer may request the execution of a collection order or an execution order against the seized financial claim .
When there is a payment order , the action person may collect the stolen claim without following the custody system .
When there is an execution order , the stolen claim will be returned to the death company in place of the money .
Article 227 ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) shall apply the ratio to a gathering order , and Article 227 ( 2 ) to an application order , each .
Where another person has made a request for a possession or temporary possession or a request for a delivery in respect of such financial claim not later than the time when an application order is served on a defendant , the appointment order shall be void and void .
An urgent report may be made against a decision on the request under section ( 1 ) .
An application order will take effect only after it becomes final and final .
Where an urgent case has been brought against an application order on the ground that the papers under section 2 or 4 of Article 49 were filed previous to the execution of an application order , the executive court shall cease the trial on such claim , except where the application order is refused on another ground .
An action for civil action must be filed in english .
In the appropriate request for an order of possession , a person shall define the kind and amount of the charges to be claimed .
Where an operation order has become final and final , it will be considered that the person has paid his or her debts when the application order was served on the defendant : Provided , That the same will not use when the acquired cases were not .
Any Korean national who wishes to travel abroad shall carry a ticket provided under this Act .
instructions to be found in certificates will be as follows :
Type of document , holding state , license number , date of application , date of issue , and granting power
The name , country , sex , date of death , permanent permit number , and photo of the ticket holder
destroyed . by Act No . 9799 , Oct. 19 , 2009
The information called to in each section of section ( 1 ) shall be written and otherwise mentioned in documents , as recommended by Presidential Decree : Provided , That it need not be stated otherwise where any unfortunate cause is , such as cases where a visa is accepted at offices or offices overseas , etc .
The types of documents should be normal cars , official documents and foreign documents , each of which will be classified into those available for visiting abroad only once ( usually known to as `` single ticket '' ) and documents available for visiting abroad without restrictions on the number of trips until the terms of their application extend ( now known to as `` single ticket '' ) , and .
those to which an official passport or a foreign ticket may be provided must be determined by Presidential Decree .
In any of the following cases , the Minister of Foreign Affairs may hold a single ticket whose term of application does not limit one year : approved by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013
Where an agent desires the execution of a single ticket
Where a ticket is issued in agreement with Article 12 ( 4 )
Where a ticket is given to a person designated by Presidential Decree and due to gaining approval to travel overseas under the Military Service Act
Where a visa is granted to a person considered necessary to make an abroad trip due to obvious reasons , such as a student who needs to leave the country during the period of approval related to in Article 11 ( 2 ) due to the academic calendar .
specific cases for the application of single tickets will be recommended by Presidential Decree .
When an individual has failed to prove his or her license within six months from the date of application
In the case of a ticket returned for examination for the application or reception of a passport , when a document for which approval or authorization has been granted is released or released
A person who creates false details in documents prepared to be received or issued with a license , etc . in violation of section 1 of Article 16 ( including cases used to and in connection with Article 14 ( 3 ) ) , or a person who has sought or planned to obtain a ticket , etc . granted or issued by other legal means will be punished by prison with work for not more than three years or by a fine not increasing 30 million won . approved by Act No . 12274 , Jan. 21 , 2014
Any of the following people will be charged by prison with work for not more than one year or by a fine not approaching 10 million won : introduced by Act No . 12274 , Jan. 21 , 2014
A person who takes over or steals another people ticket , etc . for the reasons of using it in violation of section 4 of Article 14 ( including cases used to or in comply with Article 14 ( 3 ) )
A person who provides or is provided with a flag , etc . as a means to ensure the performance of an obligation in violation of section 5 of Article 16 ( including cases used to or in agreement with Article 14 ( 3 ) )
A person who uses a visa , etc . or visits or stays in a country or region officially declared as a country or region where visits or travel is forbidden under Article 17 ( 2 ) and the main text of Article 17 ( 1 ) without receiving consent ( including cases used as or in agreement with Article 14 ( 3 ) ) under the exception to sentence ( 1 ) of the said Article , while being aware of such fact .
A person who breaks Article 12 ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) , or 12-3
Every foreigner who wishes to enter the Republic of Korea will be given a condition of stay falling under any of the following criteria :
Standard condition of stay : a condition of stay by which a period of stay in the Republic of Korea is limited according to this Act
Status of temporary visit : a condition of stay by which temporary immigration in the Republic of Korea is allowed .
This page entirely modified by Act No . 15492 , Mar . 20 , 2018
A card called to in Article 7 will be classified as a simple card available for only one visit into the Republic of Korea and a single passport allowed for at least two events .
The Minister of Justice may transfer his or her power to issue passports to the heads of foreign foreign stations , as designated by Presidential Decree .
standards and procedures for the application of passports will be determined by law of the Ministry of Justice .
This page totally modified by Act No . 10282 , May 14 , 2010
A person who breaks Article 17 ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) , 18 , 20 , 23 , 24 or 25
Every individual who wishes to continue to stay in charge of the allowed period of stay will get permission to continue his or her period of stay from the Minister of Justice before the end of the allowed period of stay , as determined by royal Decree .
This is entirely modified by Act No . 10282 , May 14 , 2010
A person who has received permission to enter or is excluded from permission of entry into the Republic of Korea before the period of such consent or exception ends
A person who is a national of a country which has signed into the passport relief arrangement with the Republic of Korea and available for a legal application under such Visa free Agreement
A person who leaves the Republic of Korea for foreign relationship , visiting or in the interests of the Republic of Korea , or , with the consent he or she has received otherwise , as required by executive Decree
A person who fled from the Republic of Korea with a shelter travel package received , and into the Republic of Korea before the term of application of such license ends .
Where it is found that the subject has receive permission , or . by false or other illegal means
When an american leaves the Republic of Korea , he or she will hold a legitimate ticket and a passport granted by the Minister of Justice .
despite clause ( 1 ) , any of the following foreigners may enter the Republic of Korea without a permit :
A person who has gained leave to return or is excluded from right of entry into the Republic of Korea before the period of such license or authorization ends
A person who is a national of a country which has passed into the passport immunity arrangement with the Republic of Korea and available for a card application under such Visa admission Agreement
A person who leaves the Republic of Korea for foreign business , business or in the interests of the Republic of Korea , and , with the consent he or she has received or , as required by royal Decree
A person who fled from the Republic of Korea with a shelter travel card issued , and into the Republic of Korea before the term of lifetime of such license ends .
The Minister of Justice may permanently cease the operation of the Visa Exemption Agreement to people who fall under section ( 2 ) 2 where considered necessary for keeping public order or in the interests of the Republic of Korea .
except section ( 1 ) , any national of a country which has no political connection with the Republic of Korea , or of a country chosen by the Minister of Justice through discussion with the Minister of Alien Affairs , may enter the Republic of Korea with an foreign access license received by the head of an international military mission or the head of a Regional Immigration Service , as determined by executive document . introduced by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013 Act No . 12421 , Mar . 18 , 2014
This section is modified by Act No . 10282 , May 14 , 2010
An alien who has registered for certificate under Article 31 shall report changes in registered things to the head of the Regional Immigration Service having responsibility over his or her place of stay within 14 days , as required by federal Decree , if any of the following things is changed : approved by Act No . 12421 , Mar . 18 , 2014
His/her name , sex , date of death , and country
Number , date of application , and term of service of his or her passport
Matters proposed by law of the Ministry of Justice , other than those permitted in sections 1 and 2 .
This act was altered by Act No . 10282 , May 14 , 2010
Every alien staying in the Republic of Korea must always carry his or her passport , alien information document , alien entry permit , alien identification document or leaving license ( where introduced to as `` citizen , etc . `` ) : Provided , That this will not apply to any person under 17 years of age .
When an access control official or a qualified public official wants an object called to in the main phrase of sentence ( 1 ) to present his or her ticket , and . in connection with the execution of his or her duty , the individual must present his or her ticket , etc .
This act completely revised by Act No . 10282 , May 14 , 2010
The ways of operations of the Republic of Korea ( also called to as `` assignments '' ) shall be classified into Embassy , Legation , Representative Office , Consulate General and Consulate .
This page fully modified by Act No . 10098 , Mar . 17 , 2010
Where the Minister of Justice chooses to permanently ban the adoption of the Visa Exemption Agreement according to section ( 1 ) , he or she should without delay inform the appropriate country of such determination via the Minister of Foreign Affairs . approved by royal Decree No . 24415 , Mar . 23 , 2013
Where the Minister of Justice gives condition of stay or allows the change of place of stay , etc . in along with pages 23 through 25 of the Act , and when he or she choose not to allow an end of the period of stay afterwards , the Head of an Office , the head of an office or the head of a department office will state in the ticket that its owner will leave the Republic of Korea within the allowed period of stay . modified by federal Decree No . 28870 , May 8 , 2018
This page is modified by Presidential Decree No . 23274 , Nov. 1 , 2011
To apply for dock authorization for an enemy service member according to Article 14 ( 1 ) of the Act , an action for landing authorization shall be sent ( including payment via the Integrated National Logistics Information Center created under Article 30-2 ( 1 ) of the federal Act on Logistics Policies ) to an airport control official . approved by executive Decree No . 24213 , Nov. 30 , 2012
`` Document recommended by executive Decree '' in the main meaning of Article 14 ( 2 ) 2 of the Act means a written approval of planned landing or an electronic report expressing the fact that the foreign boat member is supposed to enter the Republic of Korea .
An request for boarding permission for an enemy ship member filed under section ( 1 ) to move the foreign team member to another ship , or . or land at any other port of access and exit in the Republic of Korea according to Article 14 ( 6 ) of the Act will be followed by documents describing the reasons thus .
This is totally modified by national Decree No . 23274 , Nov. 1 , 2011
Where requested to respond by the head of an undercover agency for interviews
Where asked by the head of the sending agency .
Where the Minister of Justice gives condition of stay or allows the change of type of stay , and . in keeping with sections 23 through 25 of the Act , and when he or she chooses not to allow an end of the period of stay afterwards , the Head of an Office , the head of an office or the head of a department office will state in the document that its owner will leave the Republic of Korea within the allowed period of stay . approved by government Decree No . 28870 , May 8 , 2018
This page is modified by Presidential Decree No . 23274 , Nov. 1 , 2011
When an entrance control official makes a leaving or exit examination under section ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) , he or she will place an exit or exit card on the ticket : Provided , That the border control official may remove the exit or exit card in any of the cases decided by the Minister of Justice , such as cases where the Minister of Justice believes that the absence of such seal will not cause any danger to the exit or exit of persons . approved by executive Decree No . 23274 , Nov. 1 , 2011 Presidential Decree No . 27520 , Sep. 29 , 2016
A person who wants to receive permission to continue his or her period of stay under Article 25 of the Act will file an action for an extension of the period of stay that should be followed by papers required by law of the Ministry of Justice with the Head of an Office , the head of an office or the head of a bank office , before the end of the allowed period of stay . modified by government Decree No . 28870 , May 8 , 2018
Upon receipt of an order written under section ( 1 ) , the Head of an Office , the head of an office or the head of a main office shall without delay send the request to the Minister of Justice along with his or her opinion . modified by royal Decree No . 28870 , May 8 , 2018
Upon receipt of an order written under section ( 1 ) , the Head of an Office , the head of an office or the head of a main office shall without delay send the request to the Minister of Justice along with his or her opinion . modified by royal Decree No . 28870 , May 8 , 2018
This page is modified by Presidential Decree No . 23274 , Nov. 1 , 2011
The Minister of Foreign Affairs may give a travel license to the following people under Article 14 of the Act : modified by government order No . 21614 , Jul . 7 , 2009 Presidential Decree No . 21914 , Dec. 30 , 2009 Presidential Decree No . 24459 , Mar . 23 , 2013 Presidential Decree No . 28782 , Apr . 3 , 2018
Departing homeless people
Persons staying or living abroad and required to return home immediately or travel to a third country without enough time to wait for the application of a ticket on account of losing the license or the end , etc . of its term of existence
Persons living abroad and required to leave for their country of home without enough time to wait for application of a visa on account of losing the paper or the end , or . of its term of application after permanently returning from home
persons people
people who must hold the travel license under Article 10 of the Inter-Korean Exchange and Cooperation Act and to which it is considered necessary by the Minister of Foreign Affairs to release the travel card
people who must hold the travel license under Article 10 of the Inter-Korean Exchange and Cooperation Act and to which it is considered necessary by the Minister of Foreign Affairs to release the travel card
people who must hold the travel license under Article 10 of the Inter-Korean Exchange and Cooperation Act and to which it is considered necessary by the Minister of Foreign Affairs to release the travel card
Persons considered to be in a similar position as those in sections 1 through 5 , 5-2 and 6 and deemed necessary by the Minister of Foreign Affairs to order the travel document immediately .
Persons considered to be in a similar position as those in sections 1 through 5 , 5-2 and 6 and deemed necessary by the Minister of Foreign Affairs to order the travel document immediately .
Any of the following people suggested by the Minister of Culture , Sport and travel :
( a ) excellent literary artists
( b ) Members of the national team who should travel europe over several times a year to play in foreign games or abroad summer training
Military officer students , legal officer students , military officer graduates , or medical officer students under Article 58 of the Military Service Act , and those to be registered on the military record of officers in active service service in the main branches of the army under Article 59 of the same Act .
The Minister of Foreign Affairs may order the denial of , or limit on , and . the removal , or . of the ticket in any of the following cases : Provided , That where he or she seeks to check the rejection of , or limit on , or . the execution , or . of the card which was done at the request of the head of a related executive agency ( including cases under section 1 ) , he or she will visit in advance the head of a receiving agency : modified by executive Decree No . 24459 , Mar . 23 , 2013
Where the head of a related government agency orders the result
Where the candidate is to leave from the country for the reason of wedding a stranger or a Korean national living abroad who has moved to live abroad and living with him or her
Where the candidate has received a license to travel abroad by writing on immigration abroad under Article 6 of the Emigration Act
Where the person has acquired , or is expected to receive , temporary residency or a card for permanent stay
removed . by federal Decree No . 27166 , May 13 , 2016
`` Dangerous conditions in places abroad designated by Presidential Decree '' in the main sentence of Article 17 ( 1 ) of the Act means any danger that happens outside of Korea in the following circumstances : modified by royal Decree No . 22564 , Dec. 29 , 2010
a hurricane , tidal wave , shock and other similar natural accident
a situation in which war has broken out or is highly likely to break out
a situation in which war has broken out or is highly likely to break out
Imminent situation in which major violence has happened or is highly likely to occur
level accident , biological and medical accident , natural contamination accident and other similar accident
Situation where a major epidemic infection has broken out and activities of health care in the significant country is crippled and not done well .
The statement of the limit , etc . on use of card and its termination under Article 17 ( 2 ) ( including cases of to mu in agreement with Article 14 ( 3 ) of the Act ) and ( 3 ) of the Act and ( 3 ) will be made by writing in the Official Gazette . In such cases , the Minister of Foreign Affairs shall prepare the method to announce such fact to citizens living in the country or region due to the ban , etc . on use of card . modified by executive Decree No . 24459 , Mar . 23 , 2013
Any of the following people to be recruited for active duty service may , at his request , be entered on the military record of officers in active service service in the medical , legal , spiritual , or medical field . In such cases , rules for choosing those subject to registration in the medical field under section 3 , rules and methods for choosing active duty officers in the medical field , and . will be determined by royal proclamation : approved by Act No . 11849 , Jun . 4 , 2013
A person trained as a medical doctor , doctor or other medical doctor
A person trained as a court , public attorney or lawyer
A person who is a preacher , priest or Buddhist monk holding an academic level equal to or higher than a master 's level and any other person who does a service similar to whose requirement is accepted by a political organization to which he belongs
A person trained as a physician .
Any of the following people who ask for a military doctor student , court officer student , military nurse student , or medical officer student may be entered as a military doctor student , military officer student , military officer student , or medical officer student , and things necessary for those to be admitted , limits on age , requirements and methods for their choice , etc . will be determined by royal Decree : modified by Act No . 11849 , Jun . 4 , 2013
A person who is trained as a medical doctor , doctor , or asian medical doctor , and is engaged in the required course at a military medical professional training school
A person who is engaged in the scheduled course in a certain training facility for the reason of gaining credentials to be a judge , public attorney , or lawyer
A person who is registered in a college of religion or religion , or any other college to train students in order to receive degrees to become a preacher , priest , Buddhist monk , or any other person who does functions similar to
A person who is registered in a college of medical science ( including a school of animal science in a college where such department is developed ) in order to receive training for a doctor .
A person who is registered in a college of medical science ( including a school of animal science in a college where such department is developed ) in order to receive training for a doctor .
Any person to be entered on the military record of officers in active duty service under sections ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) of this Article and Article 59 may be engaged in a military unit to receive military training .
Any person to be entered on the military record of officers in active duty service under sections ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) of this Article and Article 59 may be engaged in a military unit to receive military training .
The director of the Military personnel office shall perform a preliminary medical inspection , as recommended by Presidential Decree , of those who have been sent home as an alien under paragraph ( 5 ) , and change his military service decision or have him leave the armed services according to his military grade : Provided , That in cases of an issue with a clear statement that the rehabilitation period is less than three months , the director of the national military personnel office may have him enter the military services without a full medical inspection . approved by Act No . 14183 , May 29 , 2016
The Ministry of National Defense shall have a committee for the control and inspection of military personnel in order to debate on things regarding the choice of people available for admission on the military record , choice of officers in active duty service to pastor to soldiers of the military , and . under section ( 1 ) . In such cases , things necessary for the establishment , use , etc . of such committee will be provided by Presidential Decree .
Matters necessary for guidelines and methods for picking officers in active duty service in the fields of health , law , and medical science among those registered on the military record of military doctor students , legal officer students , and medical officer students as defined in section ( 2 ) , etc . will be determined by Presidential Decree . introduced by Act No . 11849 , Jun . 4 , 2013
This page is modified by Act No . 9754 , Jun . 9 , 2009
The director of a local military personnel office may delay the national medical investigation or the national physical inspection of any of the following people due to the national medical inspection or the contract mental examination : approved by Act No . 11849 , Jun . 4 , 2013 Act No . 14183 , May 29 , 2016
A boat member of a ship traveling to or from a foreign country
A person who remains or lives in a foreign country
A person who is held for any crime , or is under death of sentence .
The director of a local military personnel office may delay the draft or return of a person who has completed a national medical inspection or a return national personal test , who fell under any of section ( 1 ) 1 through 3 or falls under any of the following : introduced by Act No . 11849 , Jun . 4 , 2013 Act No . 14183 , May 29 , 2016
A student who enters a high school or higher
A person who is taking a required course at a training institute
An excellent player to improve the national reputation .
Any person whose national personal inspection , and national natural test , draft , or draft has been suspended under section ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) shall , where he asks for a contract medical inspection , a war physical test , military , or military , or where his cause of the delay continues to exist , receive the contract medical test or the service medical test or be enlisted or called up in the present or following year . approved by Act No . 11849 , Jun . 4 , 2013 Act No . 14183 , May 29 , 2016
When any person whose draft or promotion is delayed under paragraph ( 2 ) is called or called , his appointment to military service may be changed in accordance with the rules for military service assignment of the year in which he is re-conscripted or returned .
Matters necessary for the expansion of schools , training facilities , and excellent athletes mentioned to in section ( 2 ) , limitations on construction , etc . will be determined by Presidential Decree .
This page is modified by Act No . 9754 , Jun . 9 , 2009
Any of the following people responsible for military service shall , if he plans to travel abroad , receive permission from the director of the Military Manpower Administration : approved by Act No . 14183 , May 29 , 2016
people of 25 or more years of age who are in the final military service or in special service and have yet to be employed
people in service or in voluntary service as crew of aboard ship volunteer service or in special service .
The director of the Military personnel office shall release a decision in accordance with the following regulations against people designated by Presidential Decree , including those who have a record on violation of , or are currently receiving , the combat medical test , the contract medical test , medical inspection for approval , or service in the military without lawful reasons : Provided , That this will not apply to the conditions required by the law , such as death of a family member : introduced by Act No . 11849 , Jun . 4 , 2013 Act No . 14183 , May 29 , 2016
Where they are under to license for travel overseas as defined in section ( 1 ) , such permission shall not be granted
Where they are less than 25 years of age and have yet to be recruited for the basic military service or in special service , steps necessary for controlling their travel overseas shall be taken .
Where a person who has received authorization for travel overseas has problems in coming to the Republic of Korea within the allowed period , he will receive permission for the end of a period or further leave for travel abroad from the secretary of the Military Manpower Administration within 15 days before the end of such period and where he left the Republic of Korea before getting the age of 25 , he will receive permission for the length of a period or further approval for travel abroad by no later than January 15 of the year he reaches the age of 25 .
The scope of and methods for permission for foreign travel or the application period related to in sections ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) shall be designated by Presidential Decree .
Where the secretary of the Military Manpower Administration has given permission for travel abroad or request for the end of a period , he or she must inform the Minister of Justice of .
Where a person who has received authorization for foreign travel or permission for continuing his period of foreign travel according to sections ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) goes to the Republic of Korea for the reason of fully living in his country and his act is under any ground recommended by Presidential Decree , the request for foreign travel and the permission for ending a travel period may be canceled and the service of military service may be placed on him .
This act is modified by Act No . 9754 , Jun . 9 , 2009
Every person responsible for military service shall receive a service medical test at the time and place chosen by the head of the national military personnel office in the year when he turns 19 years old to identify whether he is incapable of doing military service : Provided , That in respect of the personnel need in the military and the use and supply of the funds for military service , some of the 19-year-old persons may be allowed to perform a new medical test in the year they turn 20 years old . Amended by Act No . 14183 , May 29 , 2016
A person who is required to perform a new medical test and fails to do so or a person who had his national medical test delayed and for which the cause of such delay continues to occur must endure the new medical test in the relevant year or the following year . added by Act No . 14183 , May 29 , 2016
The new psychological test will be split into a personal test and a mental test . introduced by Act No . 14183 , May 29 , 2016
In the medical test called to in sentence ( 3 ) , all parts of the body must be examined through a medical test , internal inspection , etc. , and if necessary , a medical diagnosis test , examination , etc . may be held . In such cases , the test may be assigned to a medical facility under the Medical Service Act , as suggested by Presidential Decree , if it is difficult to determine the seriousness of disease or mental or physical illness .
Through the mental test related to in section ( 3 ) , the individual 's act , mood , etc . will be examined by evaluation of the individual 's words and acts , interview , examination in literature , etc . and if necessary , a specific physical test may be performed to particularly check the psychological and mental status , etc . : Provided , That , if it is difficult to check the degree of illness or psychological and emotional condition , the test may be assigned to a medical agency under the Medical Service Act as required by royal proclamation . Newly introduced by Act No . 15054 , Nov. 28 , 2017
Through the mental test related to in section ( 3 ) , the individual 's act , mood , etc . will be examined by evaluation of the individual 's words and acts , interview , examination in literature , etc . and if necessary , a specific physical test may be performed to particularly check the psychological and mental status , etc . : Provided , That , if it is difficult to check the degree of illness or psychological and emotional condition , the test may be assigned to a medical agency under the Medical Service Act as required by royal proclamation . Newly introduced by Act No . 15054 , Nov. 28 , 2017
This act was modified by Act No . 9754 , Jun . 9 , 2009
Where the Minister of Foreign Affairs is presented with signatures from persons planning to be issued their card under Article 9 ( 1 ) of the Act , he or she may contrast such prints with those kept and kept by the responsible legal authorities under Article 10 of the Act , for the reason of protection only . modified by royal Decree No . 24459 , Mar . 23 , 2013
Where the Minister of Foreign Affairs is provided with signatures from individuals planning to be granted their ticket under Article 9 ( 1 ) of the Act , he or she may match such prints with those kept and used by the appropriate government bodies under Article 10 of the Act , for the use of registration only . revised by executive Decree No . 24459 , Mar . 23 , 2013
Where the Minister of Foreign Affairs is provided with signatures from individuals planning to be granted their ticket under Article 9 ( 1 ) of the Act , he or she may match such prints with those kept and used by the appropriate government bodies under Article 10 of the Act , for the use of registration only . revised by executive Decree No . 24459 , Mar . 23 , 2013
The regulations of section ( 1 ) shall not apply where an individual stops the delivery of wages for natural accidents , accidents , or other reasons provided by the law , for the period in which the said reasons occur .
An owner who regularly uses ten or more officers will write the rules of work about the following things and report such rules to the Minister of education and Labor . The same should also work where he or she changes such rules : approved by Act No . 9038 , Mar . 28 , 2008 Act No . 10339 , Jun . 4 , 2010 Act No . 11270 , january 1 , 2012 Act No . 16270 , Jan. 15 , 2019
Matters relating to the beginning and ending time of work , school hours , christmas , leaves , and turns
Matters related to the decision , determination and delivery method of salaries , the period for which wages are determined , the period for paying taxes , and pay rises
Matters relating to the ways of determination and payment of family expenses
Matters relating to death
Matters related to pension funds set under Article 4 of the Act on the Guarantee of Employees ' Retirement Benefits , benefits , and minimum wages
Matters relating to the cost of employees ' meal expenses , costs of technical tools or supplies and so forth
Matters relating to medical services for employees
Matters related to the safety of workers ' health and work family balance support , such as leaves before and after birth and care leaves
Matters relating to safety and health
9-2 . relating about to the the of a environment as according to the of employees , such as sex , ages , or condition conditions
Matters relating to support with respect to employment and occupational injuries
Matters relating to the control of employee abuse and the measures to be taken in cases of event of employee discrimination
Matters relating to award and penalty
Other things relevant to all staff within the business or job involved .
Any of the following people will be punished by a fine of not reaching five million won : modified by Act No . 8561 , Jul . 27 , 2007 Act No . 9038 , Mar . 28 , 2008 Act No . 9699 , May 21 , 2009 Act No . 11270 , Feb. 1 , 2012
A person who breaks Articles 6 , 16 , 17 , 20 , 21 , 22 ( 2 ) , 47 , proviso to 53 ( 3 ) , 67 ( 1 ) and ( 3 ) , 70 ( 3 ) , 73 , 74 ( 6 ) , 77 , 94 , 95 , 100 and 103
A person who breaks an order called to in Article 96 ( 2 ) .
Any of the following people will be convicted by prison for not more than two years or by a fine of not reaching 20 million won : introduced by Act No . 9699 , May 21 , 2009 Act No . 11270 , Feb. 1 , 2012 Act No . 15108 , Nov. 28 , 2017 Act No . 15513 , Mar . 20 , 2018
A person who breaks Articles 10 , 22 ( 1 ) , 26 , 50 , 53 ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) and the main sentence of ( 3 ) , 54 , 55 , 59 ( 2 ) , 60 ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) , ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) , 64 ( 1 ) , 69 , 70 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , 71 , 74 ( 1 ) through ( 5 ) , 75 , 78 through 80 , 82 , 83 and 104 ( 2 )
A person who refuses to cooperate with an order received under Article 53 ( 4 ) .
An agency will give a sick woman a total of a 90-day pregnancy leave ( 120-day pregnant leave , if she is married with at least two children at a time ) before and after delivery . In such cases , at least 45 days ( 60 days , if she is married with two or more children at a time ) of the leave period after birth will be allowed . introduced by Act No . 11270 , Feb. 1 , 2012 Act No . 12325 , Jan. 21 , 2014
Where a married female staff wishes the leave under section ( 1 ) due to her experience of pregnancy or other reasons determined by Presidential Decree , an agency will allow her to use the leave at several times any time before her birth . In such cases , the period of leave after the birth must be at least 45 days ( 60 days , if she is baby with at least two children at a time ) simultaneously . Newly added by Act No . 11270 , Feb. 1 , 2012 Act No . 12325 , Jan. 21 , 2014
Where a married woman has a pregnancy or abortion , an officer will , upon the responsible officer 's request , give her a medical leave , as required by executive Decree : Provided , That the same will not apply to any abortion carried out by natural termination of marriage ( including cases under Article 14 ( 1 ) of the Mother and Child Health Act ) . updated by Act No . 11270 , Feb. 1 , 2012
Where a married woman has a pregnancy or abortion , an officer will , upon the responsible officer 's request , give her a medical leave , as required by executive Decree : Provided , That the same will not apply to any abortion carried out by natural termination of marriage ( including cases under Article 14 ( 1 ) of the Mother and Child Health Act ) . updated by Act No . 11270 , Feb. 1 , 2012
No owner will order a female employee in marriage to engage in extra work , and , even if there is a request from the appropriate officer , he or she will move her to an easy type of work . introduced by Act No . 11270 , Feb. 1 , 2012
A business owner will return her to the same work or to the work for which profits of the same level as before leave are paid after the end of a pregnancy leave under section ( 1 ) . Newly created by Act No . 9038 , Mar . 28 , 2008 Act No . 11270 , Feb. 1 , 2012
Where a female worker who has been married for not more than 12 weeks or for not less than 36 weeks claims the increase of her work hours by two hours a day , the company will allow it : Provided , That he or she may allow to reduce her work hours to six hours if her work hours are less than eight hours a day . Newly introduced by Act No . 12527 , Mar . 24 , 2014
No company shall reduce an officer 's pay for reason of increase of work hours under section ( 7 ) . Newly introduced by Act No . 12527 , Mar . 24 , 2014
Matters necessary for the procedures , methods , etc . for seeking increase of work hours under section ( 7 ) must be determined by royal law . Newly introduced by Act No . 12527 , Mar . 24 , 2014
A business or employment in which not less than 300 staff are normally hired : Six months after the application date of this Act
A business or employment in which less than 300 workers are usually hired : Two years after the issue date of this Act .
the Date The modified sections of Article 74 ( 7 ) through ( 9 ) shall enter into force on the following dates :
When an officer wants to remove an officer ( including removal for other reasons ) , he or she will give the officer a notice of termination at least 30 days in advance of such termination , and , if the company continues to give such advance notice , he or she will pay such person a 30 days ' normal salary at the least : Provided , That where any of the following is relevant , this will not exist : replaced by Act No . 10339 , Jun . 4 , 2010 Act No . 16270 , Jan. 15 , 2019
Where the period during which the staff has worked steadily is less than three months
Where operation of the business is possible due to natural dangers , events or other unfortunate situations
Where the employee has deliberately caused serious damage to the business or property loss , which falls under the reasons recommended by law of the Ministry of Employment and Labor .
When an company wishes to remove an officer , he or she will inform the owner in speaking of reasons and timing for the termination .
The resignation of an officer will become active only upon a written notice according to section ( 1 ) .
Where an owner has given an officer an advance notice of termination under Article 26 in person , stating reasons and timing for termination , the company must be considered to have given warning under section ( 1 ) . Newly introduced by Act No . 12527 , Mar . 24 , 2014
No person will ready and use secret signs or records , or have messages , for the reason of messing with the work of an assistant .
When an officer dies or dies , the company will pay the wages , benefits , and other money or goods within 14 days after the cause for such delivery happened : Provided , That the period may , under special circumstances , be continued by common arrangement between the parties involved .
When an employee is exposed by the company to any fair termination , or , he or she may request a relief thus from a work rights board .
A request for relief under section ( 1 ) must be made within three months from the date of the illegal termination , etc .
A person who has breached Article 7 , 8 , 9 , 23 ( 2 ) or 40 shall be punished by prison for not more than five years or by a fine of not reaching 50 million won . introduced by Act No . 15108 , Nov. 28 , 2017
The effect of the order for treatment , decision of approval or choice made by order of the Labor Relations Commission shall not be suspended even if an action for review or other lawsuit is brought with or against the Central Labor Relations Commission according to Article 31 .
When a business turns down due to a cause related to the company , he or she will pay the people involved expenses of not less than 70 percent of their average salaries during the period of operation : Provided , That if the amount identical to the 70 percent of their average costs is that of their normal wages , their usual tips may be paid as their own expenses .
following the regulations of section ( 1 ) , the father who is unable to continue to carry on the business for any other reason may , with the permission of the Labor Relations Commission concerned , pay the employees release expenses lower than the levels as designated in section ( 1 ) .
if an agency is asked by an officer to release a license declaring the term of employment , kind of work done , positions taken , payments received , and other necessary information , he or she will quickly prepare and send a report based on facts , even after the death of the person .
The document called to in section ( 1 ) shall contain nothing other than what has been asked by the owner .
A claim for compensation under this Act will be destroyed by prohibition , unless granted within three years .
Payment of salary must be directly made in full to people in cash : Provided , That if then determined by laws or by a group contract , taxes may not be calculated or may be paid by means other than coin .
compensation will be paid at least once per month on a fixed day : Provided , That this will not apply to ordinary taxes , expenses , or other similar payments , or those ones designated by Presidential Decree .
This Act will apply to all businesses or businesses in which not less than five employees are normally engaged : Provided , That this Act shall neither apply to any business or employment in which only the client 's blood family living together are involved , nor to workers working for the company 's household works .
With respect to a business or profession in which not more than four workers are regularly hired , some sections of this Act may apply as proposed by Presidential Decree .
In using this Act , the way of determining the number of workers personally worked will be determined by executive Decree . Newly introduced by Act No . 8960 , Mar . 21 , 2008
Korean nationals who live within Korea will become the owner of the health security ( usually described to as `` the owner '' ) or their children : Provided , That this will not happen to any of the following people : revised by Act No . 13985 , Feb. 3 , 2016
Persons who receive medical aid under the Medical Care Assistance Act ( now called to as `` available person '' )
people who receive medical care under the Act on the noble care of people of noted Service to freedom or the Act on the distinguished care of and Support for people of eminent Service to the State ( also called to as `` people available for medical care for such service '' ) : Provided , That any of the following people may be the owner or a subject :
( a ) A person , from among those available for medical care for the service , who asks the employer to provide him or her with health security cover
( b ) A person who does not demand the employer that he or she be removed from health care cover , with a change in his or her condition from a person under the care of the health plan to a person approved for medical care for the service .
relatives of the person mentioned to in section ( 1 ) applies to any of the following people who are supported mainly by the owner owner and whose money or property goes below the levels required by law of the Ministry of Health and Welfare : approved by Act No . 14776 , Apr . 18 , 2017
parents of the student involved
Lineal members of the owner involved ( including the relatives of their parents )
Lineal ancestors ( including the ancestors of their parents ) and their parents of the company involved
Siblings of the officer involved .
The regulations to determine the identity of the subject mentioned to in section ( 2 ) , date of transfer or loss of such identity , and other necessary things will be determined by act of the Ministry of Health and Welfare .
The owner will be split into the employee employed and the hired individual .
Workers and workers of all businesses and public officials and school employees will become the owner involved : Provided , That any of the following people will be included there : introduced by Act No . 14183 , May 29 , 2016
Daily-paid workers who are hired for a period of less than one month
Soldiers in active service under the Military Service Act ( including staff officers assigned without serving ) , training staff , and students for military officers
Public officials who take office by winning an election , and who do not receive monthly salary or pay similar to
Workers and workers of businesses determined by Presidential Decree , in light of the types of employment , forms of labor , types of business and other things , and public officials and school employees .
people who are neither the worker involved nor their children will be the employee liable .
dismissed . By Act No . 15874 , Dec. 11 , 2018
The person will become available as the agent person or the employee individual on the day he or she takes property in the country : Provided , That a person who is under any of the following conditions will become available for each on the relevant day :
For a former available person , on the day when he or she becomes disqualified from such application
For a former partial of the owner involved , on the day when he or she gets his or her identity
For a person formerly available for medical care for such service , on the day when he or she is included from such coverage
For a person able for medical care for a service who asks the company for insurance under the health security under Article 5 ( 1 ) 2 ( a ) , on the day when the request is made .
If a person becomes available according to section ( 1 ) , the operator of the relevant worker owner or the head of the family of the same employee individual will report the same to the employer , as required by law of the Ministry of Health and Welfare , within 14 days after the date of purchase of the identity .
The person will lose his or her insurance on the day he or she fell under any of the following conditions :
The day immediately after the date of his or her death
The day directly after the day he or she has his or her citizenship
The day immediately following the day he or she continues to remain within the country
The day he or she becomes a subject of the officer involved
The day he or she becomes an available person
The day a person previously covered by health coverage makes a request for elimination from insurance of the health care as he or she became a person available for medical care for served service .
If identity is lost according to clause ( 1 ) , the father of the certain employee involved or the head of a family of the employee individual responsible will report the details to the agency , as determined by law of the Ministry of Health and Welfare , within 14 days after the date of loss of the application .
If identity is lost according to clause ( 1 ) , the father of the certain employee involved or the head of a family of the employee individual responsible will report the details to the agency , as determined by law of the Ministry of Health and Welfare , within 14 days after the date of loss of the application .
despite Article 9 , the person who files an case with the NHIS under section ( 1 ) ( commonly called to as `` deliberately permanent engaged person '' ) shall maintain his or her identity during the period designated by the proclamation : Provided , That where he or she fails to pay the first security costs of the employee expected to be paid after the hearing of an action under section ( 1 ) until two months after after the due date thus , his or her application will be terminated . Newly introduced by Act No . 11787 , May 22 , 2013
The amount of monthly income of a fully permanent employed person will be the mean amount of his or her monthly salary in recent 12 months during which the amounts of security costs based on monthly payments have been determined introduced by Act No . 11787 , May 22 , 2013 Act No . 15348 , Jan. 16 , 2018
Part of the security benefits of a fully committed insured person may be reduced , as previously reported by the Minister of Health and health .
Total amount of the security contributions of the such covered people will be paid and paid by them under Articles 76 ( 1 ) and 77 ( 1 ) 1 .
Where a deliberately house covered person fails to pay the security payments by a paid due date , Article 53 ( 3 ) , ( 5 ) and ( 6 ) of shall apply to maris . In such cases , the terms , `` per home security funds related to in Article 69 ( 5 ) '' shall be interpreted as `` security payments according to Article 110 ( 5 ) '' . altered by Act No . 11787 , May 22 , 2013
Matters referring to the procedures of and rules for hearing cases to become a deliberately fully engaged person and other appropriate matters shall be determined by act of the Ministry of Health and Welfare .
The National Health Insurance Service shall release a health security picture upon request by the individual or his or her resident . approved by Act No . 15874 , Dec. 11 , 2018
When the owner or his or her child gets health care services , he or she will present the security code called to in sentence ( 1 ) to a health care facility called to in Article 42 ( 1 ) ( also known to as `` health care organization '' ) : Provided , That this will not apply if an unfortunate situation such as a natural disaster occurs .
despite the main sentence of section ( 2 ) , if it is possible for a health care facility to determine his or her ability using his or her guest identification license , driver 's record , book , or other information documents recommended by act of the Ministry of Health and Welfare ( also known to as `` information cards '' ) to check his or her name , the patient or a patient need not respond his or her health care card .
Neither the employer or his or her patient may receive insurance protection after losing his or her rights under Article 10 ( 1 ) using a paper that had been used to prove his or her identity before . Newly introduced by Act No . 11787 , May 22 , 2013
No person is allowed to allow another person to receive health services by moving or giving his or her health care card or information card . Newly introduced by Act No . 11787 , May 22 , 2013
No person is allowed to receive the services by moving , buying , or otherwise using another person 's health care card or information book .
Matters necessary for the methods and techniques for application and the form for the health care card called to in section ( 1 ) and applying and using it will be determined by law of the Ministry of Health and Welfare . approved by Act No . 15874 , Dec. 11 , 2018
A person who discovers personal details of the deceased or their relatives , uses such material for any reason other than to do his or her duties or provides such information to a third party without any reasonable reasons in violation of section 1 of Article 102 shall be sentenced by prison with work for not more than five years , or by a fine not increasing 50 million won . Newly created by Act No . 14084 , Mar . 22 , 2016 Act No . 16366 , Apr . 23 , 2019
Any of the following people will be punished by prison with work for not more than three years , or by a fine not increasing 30 million won : introduced by Act No . 14084 , Mar . 22 , 2016 Act No . 16366 , Apr . 23 , 2019
A person who works for a claim handling agency and files a claim for costs of health care services by fraud or other inappropriate means
A person who reveals any information learned in the course of doing his or her duties , uses such knowledge for any reason other than to perform his or her duties or provides such information to a third party , in breach of section 2 of Article 102 .
A person who accepts or helps another person to receive the services by fraud or other inappropriate means will be punished by prison with work for not more than two years , or by a fine not reaching 20 million won . Newly added by Act No . 16366 , Apr . 23 , 2019
Any of the following people will be sentenced by prison with work for not more than one year , or by a fine not over 10 million won : approved by Act No . 11787 , May 22 , 2013 Act No . 14084 , Mar . 22 , 2016 Act No . 16366 , Apr . 23 , 2019
The founder of a health care facility who provides direct benefit , in violation of Article 42-2 ( 1 ) or ( 3 )
A person who allows any other person who is not a claim receiving agency to directly investigate such claims , in violation of Article 47 ( 6 )
An owner who breaks Article 93
The founder of a health care organization , who denies Article 98 ( 2 )
removed . by Act No . 16366 , Apr . 23 , 2019
In addition to the health care benefits defined in this Act , the NHIS may provide benefits for medical costs for abortion and birth , funeral costs , sickness costs , and other expenses , as designated by royal proclamation . updated by Act No . 11787 , May 22 , 2013
The NHIS must provide health tests for the registered and their families in order to enable early diagnosis of illness and provide further health care services .
The types of and qualifications for health tests under section ( 1 ) are as follows : Newly introduced by Act No . 15874 , Dec. 11 , 2018
General health tests : The employee responsible , the professional owner who is the head of a family , the employee employee of 20 years of age and over , and a resident of 20 years of age and over
Cancer tests : A person who met a test period , age standard , and . by type of cancer under Article 11 ( 2 ) of the Cancer Control Act
child health tests : The child and a child under the age of six .
The types of health tests under section ( 1 ) must be developed based on personal aspects , such as sex and age , and life period . Newly introduced by Act No . 15874 , Dec. 11 , 2018
Frequency of and methods for the health care called to in section ( 1 ) , and other necessary things will be determined by royal proclamation . modified by Act No . 15874 , Dec. 11 , 2018
If a person unable to receive security claims falls under any of the following conditions , the NHIS shall not provide any security benefit :
Where he or she has caused criminal behavior by purpose or in error or caused an accident by purpose
Where he or she has failed to follow health related orders of the NHIS or the health care facility by purpose or general responsibility
Where he or she has failed to present the papers mentioned to in Article 55 or other things or avoided questions or medical tests by purpose or total fault
Where he or she is or is available to receive other claims or benefits under other laws due to a sickness , accident , or accident caused regarding to his or her business or in the line of duty .
When a person available for health care services has received , from the State or a local government , services similar to the health care costs or costs identical to the costs of health care costs under the terms of other laws , the NHIS will not provide any services up to the limit of such amount .
When a person available for health care services has received , from the State or a local government , services similar to the health care costs or costs identical to the costs of health care costs under the terms of other laws , the NHIS will not provide any services up to the limit of such amount .
security costs based on monthly pay called to in Article 69 ( 4 ) 2
welfare costs per family mentioned to in Article 69 ( 5 ) .
Where an owner responsible to pay security payments under Article 77 ( 1 ) 1 is interested in paying the security payments based on monthly payments mentioned to in Article 69 ( 4 ) 1 , section ( 3 ) shall apply only if such crime is due to the person employee himself or herself . In such cases , the children of the particular officer responsible will also be subject to section ( 3 ) . revised by Act No . 16366 , Apr . 23 , 2019
Where an owner responsible to pay security payments under Article 77 ( 1 ) 1 is interested in paying the security payments based on monthly payments mentioned to in Article 69 ( 4 ) 1 , section ( 3 ) shall apply only if such crime is due to the person employee himself or herself . In such cases , the children of the particular officer responsible will also be subject to section ( 3 ) . revised by Act No . 16366 , Apr . 23 , 2019
The security profits received in the period during which no security services are to be provided according to sections ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) ( sometimes called to as `` benefit termination period '' in this section ) will be considered as security claims only in the following cases : adopted by Act No . 16366 , Apr . 23 , 2019
Where the security payments in months are fully paid by the due date for its delivery in the month to which the date two months pass from the date when the NHIS has served information that all payments were received during the payment termination period belongs
Where the security payments for which the payment is approved according to Article 82 are paid at least once by the due date for its receipt in the month to which the date two months later from the date when the NHIS has served notice that security claims were paid during the benefit maintenance period belongs : Provided , That where anyone who has received approval for the annual payment according to Article 82 fails to pay the approved medical benefits on at least five times without reasonable reasons that , his or her application for security benefits shall be granted .
If it is considered necessary when providing insurance services , the NHIS may request a person who gets security claims to provide documents and other things or have such person be considered or identified by appropriate staff .
To meet the costs imposed in connection to the health care program , the NHIS shall collect security contributions from the people required to pay security costs under in Article 77 .
The security funds mentioned to in section ( 1 ) will be paid from the month following that in which the date the patient becomes liable and until the month in which the date before the date the person gets his or her rights is : Provided , That where the approval of the patient is gained on the first day of any month or upon his or her application for health care cover under Article 5 ( 1 ) 2 ( a ) , the following payments will be taken from the relevant month . added by Act No . 16728 , Dec. 3 , 2019
In receiving security costs according to sections ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , where the status of the individual has been modified , the insurance costs of the month that is the first day must be gathered on the basis of identity prior to such change : Provided , That where the identity of the individual is changed on the first day of any month , it must be taken on the subject of the changed identification .
The amount of the monthly security costs for the officer insured will be the amount determined as follows : approved by Act No . 14776 , Apr . 18 , 2017
The amount of security payments based on monthly salary : The amount gained by adding the amount of monthly salary determined under Article 70 by the agency payment rate under Article 73 ( 1 ) or ( 2 )
The amount of medical donations based on the monthly average : The amount obtained by adding the amount of monthly payment determined under Article 71 by the security payment rate under Article 73 ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) .
The amount of the monthly security payments for the home individual must be determined per unit of home , but the security changes per month for the family to which the individual individual refers will be the amount gained by adding the financial value per payment point under Article 73 ( 3 ) by the contribution points determined under Article 72 .
The upper limit and lower limit of the amount of the monthly security payments under section ( 4 ) and ( 5 ) shall be set in agreement with the requirements set by Presidential Decree , based on the amount assigned to a certain percentage of the average security work of the individual . Newly introduced by Act No . 14776 , Apr . 18 , 2017
When a person available to receive medical services falls under any of the following conditions , no medical benefit will be offered during the appropriate period : Provided , That in cases falling under section 3 and 4 , the health care effects under Article 60 will be given : revised by Act No . 17196 , mar . 7 , 2020
removed by Act No . 17196 , mar . 7 , 2020
When he or she is staying abroad
When he or she is under Article 6 ( 2 ) 2
When he or she is committed to a prison facility or similar buildings .
about the individuals designated by act of the Ministry of Health and Welfare from among the following persons , part of the insurance activities of the family or the families to which the person goes may be limited :
people who live on islands , or in rural areas or farming and seafood areas , inc . designated by Presidential Decree
people who are at least 65 years old
Disabled people who are registered according to the Act on Welfare of Persons with Disabilities
people who have performed honorable service for the State , provided for in Article 4 ( 1 ) 4 , 6 , 12 , 15 , or 17 of the Act on the wise care of and Support for people , Etc . of Distinguished Service to the State
people who take a leave of leave from office
Other people identified and officially informed by the Minister of Health and health as the people whose insurance costs need to be increased on the basis of the financial distress and natural disaster , etc .
Where a person required to pay security payments under Article 77 falls under any of the following , he or she may be given such financial benefits as loss of the benefits , as designated by executive Decree : Newly introduced by Act No . 11787 , May 22 , 2013 Act No . 16366 , Apr . 23 , 2019
Where he or she gets a payment of medical services by means of an electronic file under Article 79 ( 2 )
Where he or she paid security payments by means of automatic transfer from bank account or credit book .
procedures of and methods for reducing security costs under section ( 1 ) and other necessary matters shall be determined and officially reported by the Minister of Health and health .
procedures of and methods for reducing security costs under section ( 1 ) and other necessary matters shall be determined and officially reported by the Minister of Health and health .
Where the employee individual fell under any of sections 2 through 4 of Article 54 , the points mentioned to in Article 72 shall be included from determination of the security benefits for the home to which such person belongs .
Where the employee individual fell under any of sections 2 through 4 of Article 54 , the points mentioned to in Article 72 shall be included from determination of the security benefits for the home to which such person belongs .
Where the reasons for termination of services cease to exist on the first day of each month
Where the individual or his or her parent falling under section 2 of Article 54 enters Korea and gets security services in the month which is the date of entry , and then leaves Korea in the month .
The security payments for the student employees will be carried , 50/100 each , by the worker involved and the person called to in the following terms : Provided , That where the officer involved is a school employee working for a private school , 50/100 , 30/100 , and 20/100 of the amount of the security costs will be paid by the said student employee , the person determined in section 2 ( c ) of Article 3 , and the State , and : approved by Act No . 12176 , Jan. 1 , 2014
Where the worker involved is a employee : The company listed in section 2 ( a ) of Article 3
Where the officer responsible is a public official : The State or the local government to which that public official belongs
Where the officer involved is a school employee ( including school employees working for private schools ) : The company defined in paragraph 2 ( c ) of Article 3 .
security payments based on monthly salary of the company assured will be taken by the owner only .
The security costs for the said liability will be taken together by all the other employees who live in the same home as the said individual does .
Where the worker responsible is a school worker , and if an officer recommended in paragraph 2 ( c ) of Article 3 is unable to take the whole amount to be taken , the difference may be made to be taken from the account of the school . Newly added by Act No . 12176 , Jan. 1 , 2014
The names of the terms used in this Act will be as follows :
The term `` student '' means a person who , because of a type of his or her work , lives on salary received in return for his or her work ( including a director or other senior officers of a company ) , only for a public official or a school student
The term `` father '' means a person who goes under any of the following objects :
( a ) The owner of the job at which a person is engaged
( b ) The head of the body by which a public official is hired , who is decided by Presidential Decree
( c ) The person who sets and runs a private school ( pointing to a private school called to in Article 3 of the Pension for Private School Teachers and Staff Act and the same will use in this section ) by which a school staff is hired
The term `` job '' means a place of business or office
The term `` public official '' means a person who is a regular officer of the State or a local government providing civil service
The term `` school officer '' means a student at , or an officer of , a private school or an organization that runs the school .
the costs of the officer responsible will be paid by the person as follows according to the following criteria :
security costs based on monthly payment : In such cases , where the company has more than two owners , the workers of the company will jointly pay the security costs of the responsible employee employees
medical costs based on monthly average : The worker liable .
the payments of the insurance individual will be paid together by all the registered children of a family to which the children belong : Provided , That children who have no money or property and children who meet the conditions prescribed by Presidential Decree in respect of income , property , and , will not be obliged to pay any payments . approved by Act No . 14776 , Apr . 18 , 2017
An owner must pay the part of the security costs for the month to be paid by the person insured out of the security funds based on monthly salary by drawing it from his or her salary . In such cases , the company will tell the officer involved of the amount of relief .
An owner must pay the part of the security costs for the month to be paid by the person insured out of the security funds based on monthly salary by drawing it from his or her salary . In such cases , the company will tell the officer involved of the amount of relief .
Where a notice is made under section ( 1 ) , a delivery period of at least 10 days , but not more than 15 days shall be decided and a letter of overdue notice shall be presented .
Where a person who gets the notice mentioned to in section ( 1 ) fails to pay the security costs , or . by the settlement date , the NHIS may collect it in the same way as national taxes in charge are collected , after receiving permission from the Minister of Health and education .
Where a person who gets the notice mentioned to in section ( 1 ) fails to pay the security costs , or . by the settlement date , the NHIS may collect it in the same way as national taxes in charge are collected , after receiving permission from the Minister of Health and education .
Where a person who gets the notice mentioned to in section ( 1 ) fails to pay the security costs , or . by the settlement date , the NHIS may collect it in the same way as national taxes in charge are collected , after receiving permission from the Minister of Health and education .
Where the Korea Asset Management Corporation runs an operation on front of the NHIS under section ( 5 ) , the NHIS may pay a charge , as required by law of the Ministry of Health and Welfare . modified by Act No . 15535 , Mar . 27 , 2018
A person not pleased with the decisions of the NHIS on the qualifications , security costs , etc. , security costs , and insurance benefit costs for the owner or his or her relatives , may not raise an objection to the NHIS .
The NHIS , a health care organization , or other organization not happy with the decisions of the Review and Assessment Service on review , etc . of the relevance of the costs of health care services and health care costs may not raise an objection to the Review and Assessment Service .
Any objection called to in sections ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) ( commonly known to as `` writing of issue '' ) shall be submitted in person within 90 days after the date the person became aware of such choice and will not be registered after 180 days from the date the choice is made : Provided , That this will not apply where an excuse is made that the issue within the prior period could not be called due to a genuine reason .
in the main sentence of section ( 3 ) , where a health care organization wishes to file an objection to the confirmation of the Health Insurance Review and Assessment Service mentioned to in Article 48 , it will do so within 30 days from the date it gets notice related to in section ( 2 ) of the same Article .
Except as given in sections ( 1 ) through ( 4 ) , matters necessary for the method of making an argument and reason here , and notice of the choice , etc. , will be determined by Presidential Decree .
A person who claims against a decision on an objection prepared may request the Health Insurance Dispute Mediation Committee for a court according to Article 89 . In such cases , Article 87 ( 3 ) shall apply objection to to a request for to .
A person who wants to request a court according to section ( 1 ) shall present a request for court directed by federal Decree to the NHIS or the Review and Assessment Service , either of the two made a choice according to Article 87 ( 1 ) or ( 2 ) or with the Health Insurance Dispute Mediation Committee under Article 89 .
Except as provided in sections ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , matters necessary for the system and method for filing a request for court , judgment , announcement of such judgment , etc. , will be determined by Presidential Decree .
The Government may provide for different health care for the workers at a job where a foreign government is the owner , in discussion with the foreign government .
An outside Korean national or a stranger living in the Republic of Korea ( also called to as `` alien , etc . living in Korea '' ) who is an officer , public official , or school officer of a group of available people will become the owner of , under Article 5 , if he or she does not fall under any section of Article 6 ( 2 ) but falls under any of the following : introduced by Act No . 14084 , Mar . 22 , 2016
A person who is identified according to Article 6 ( 1 ) 3 of the Resident Registration Act
A person who has declared on his or her place of home in Korea according to Article 6 of the Act on the Immigration and Legal Status of Overseas Koreans
A person who has registered for foreign residence according to Article 31 of the Immigration Act .
Where a person , e . living in Korea who does not fall under the individual act mentioned to in section ( 2 ) meets all the following conditions , he or she will become the employee owner , though rule 5 : Newly Inserted by Act No . 14084 , Mar . 22 , 2016 Act No . 16238 , Jan. 15 , 2019
The following person will fall under the ground established by law of the Ministry of Health and Welfare that he or she lived in Korea during the period defined by law of the Ministry of Health and Welfare or is intended to remain here permanently during the following period
The responsible person will fall under any of the following :
( a ) A person mentioned in section ( 2 ) 1 or 2
( b ) A person who has applied for foreign service according to Article 31 of the Immigration Act and has the position of residence designated by law of the Ministry of Health and Welfare .
Where a stranger , etc . living in Korea who goes under any section of clause ( 2 ) meets all the following conditions , he or she may become a resident , despite Article 5 , if he or she files an action with the NHIS : Newly introduced by Act No . 14084 , Mar . 22 , 2016
The responsible person 's situation with the officer involved will fall under any section of Article 5 ( 2 )
The responsible person must meet the requirements for decision of the specific criteria called to in Article 5 ( 3 ) .
though the ( 2 ) through ( 4 ) , no person , etc . living in Korea will become the principal or a relative if he or she fell under any of the following cases : Newly added by Act No . 14084 , Mar . 22 , 2016 Act No . 16238 , Jan. 15 , 2019
Where the local person 's stay in Korea is any Act and any ground recommended by Presidential Decree exists
Where a person , etc . living in Korea is available for medical promise due to health care claims called to in Article 41 in agreement with foreign laws , a local policy or a contract agreed with his or her client , and thus the client or employer seeks the elimination of him or her from the contract , as determined by law of the Ministry of Health and Welfare .
rules 5 through 11 shall apply as only to things necessary for the timing , methods , etc . for transfer and loss of the rights of the parents or relatives by aliens , and . living in Korea , but as not specifically provided for in sections ( 2 ) through ( 5 ) : Provided , That things to be specifically provided for in respect of the nature of strangers , etc . living in Korea may be otherwise determined by royal order . Newly introduced by Act No . 14084 , Mar . 22 , 2016
Where a person , inc . living in Korea who is the owner takes the identity of the person in after the second day of any month and loses the rights in the month in which the date he or she gained the status and , due to any ground officially announced by the Minister of Health and safety , the security costs for the month in which the date the rights was gained it must be issued and collected , under the main statement of Article 69 ( 2 ) . Newly introduced by Act No . 14084 , Mar . 22 , 2016
The security costs for the professional employees who fall under americans , etc . living in Korea ( limited to those due to the terms of section ( 9 ) ) must be paid by the 25th day of the next following month , notwithstanding the main meaning of Article 78 ( 1 ) : Provided , That in any of the following cases , the security costs will be paid as decided by the NHIS : Newly introduced by Act No . 14084 , Mar . 22 , 2016 Act No . 16238 , Jan. 15 , 2019
Where the policy payments for the month in which the date the credit is gained drops are collected
Where the authorization is earned during the period from the 26th day to the end of any month .
Except as given in sections ( 7 ) and ( 8 ) , Articles 69 through 86 shall apply as as to things on the execution and collection of security payments for strangers , etc . living in Korea who are the owner : Provided , That things on the administration and application of security benefits for tourists , etc . living in Korea designated by Presidential Decree may be generally decided and officially informed by the Minister of Health and safety , taking into account their nature . Newly introduced by Act No . 14084 , Mar . 22 , 2016
Except as given in sections ( 7 ) and ( 8 ) , Articles 69 through 86 shall apply as as to things on the execution and collection of security payments for strangers , etc . living in Korea who are the owner : Provided , That things on the administration and application of security benefits for tourists , etc . living in Korea designated by Presidential Decree may be generally decided and officially informed by the Minister of Health and safety , taking into account their nature . Newly introduced by Act No . 14084 , Mar . 22 , 2016
Where an owner of a job fell under any of the following conditions , he or she will report such fact to an agency , as required by law of the Ministry of Health and Welfare within 14 days afterwards . This will also apply where any matter reported to the client is changed because he or she falls under section 1 :
Where his or her job becomes a job using employees , public officials , and school employees who become the employee covered according to Article 6 ( 2 ) ( generally called to as `` employer of able people '' )
Where a cause prescribed by act of the Ministry of Health and Welfare works , such as punishment or termination of business .
The reason of this Act is to improve citizens ' health and promote social security by offering people with medical resources for the disease , disease , and medical treatment of and recovery from drugs and accident , for birth and death , and for increase of health .
The reason of this Act is to improve citizens ' health and promote social security by offering people with medical resources for the disease , disease , and medical treatment of and recovery from drugs and accident , for birth and death , and for increase of health .
`` Public officials who belong to central executive areas required by Presidential Decree '' in Article 4 ( 4 ) 4 ( a ) of the Act means public officials , each one of which is appointed by the head of an executive agency for which he or she works , from among the public officials of Grade III who belong to the Ministry of Economy and Finance , or the Ministry of Health and Welfare or the public officials in general service who belong to the Senior Executive Service .
The president of the Dispute resolution Committee will be chosen by the President upon the suggestion of the Minister of Health and health , and its members must be elected or invited by the Minister of Health and security , from among the following individuals : approved by executive Decree No . 25429 , Jun . 30 , 2014
A present or former public official of Grade IV or higher or public official in general service belonging to the Senior Executive Service
A person trained as a court , public attorney or lawyer
An associate professor or a person holding a higher position in a field related to social services or medical care at a school listed in section 1 through 3 of Article 2 of the Higher Education Act
A person with extensive information on and experience in social security or medical care .
A public official in charge of the service concerning claims for cases under Article 88 of the Act will become the ex deputy member required in Article 89 ( 2 ) of the Act among the members related to in section ( 1 ) 1 .
Additional claims included in Article 50 of the Act mean medical costs for pregnancy and birth ( including abortion and death where the same will use ) . approved by royal Decree No . 28317 , Sep. 19 , 2017
A person available for the medical costs for birth and delivery provided in section ( 1 ) shall be as follows : adopted by federal Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018
An assured person who is married or gave life to a baby , or her children
Legal resident ( limited to where the deceased person gave life to a baby or her children died ) of the owner or his or her children under one year of age ( also called to as babies and young children under one year of age ) .
The NHIS may charge a person falling under any section of section ( 2 ) with medical cards for medical costs for birth and delivery which can be used to pay any of the following costs : approved by federal Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018
costs paid in connection to medical care related to birth and birth
costs caused in connection to medical care for babies and young children under one year of age
costs sustained in buying drugs or supplies for medical treatment recommended for babies and young children under one year of age .
A person who wishes to be provided with care coupons ( now called to as candidate in this Article ) shall present an request for application permitted by law of the Ministry of Health and Welfare , along with a document confirming that the person fell under any section of section ( 2 ) . approved by executive Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018
Upon delivery of an request for receipt of medical cards given in section ( 4 ) , the NHIS will present the individual with the cards after confirming that he or she goes under any section of section ( 2 ) . modified by Presidential Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018
The period of using the cards will be from the date of being charged with the medical cards according to section ( 5 ) until any of the following days : approved by government Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018
The mother who is married or gave life to a baby , or her relatives : A date when one year has passed from the date of birth ( in cases of abortion and abortion , the appropriate date )
Legal resident of babies and young children under one year of age : A date when one year has passed from the date of death of babies and young children under one year of age .
The upper limit of the amount of a medical coupon shall be as follows : Provided , That if considered necessary and officially announced by the Minister of Health and education , the paid amount may overcome the following upper limits : modified by military Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018
In cases of being married with or giving life to a baby : 600,000 won
In cases of being married with or giving life to at least two babies : 1,000,000 won .
Except as given in sections ( 2 ) through ( 7 ) , matters necessary for the methods for and means of the payment of the medical costs for birth and birth , the application and use of care cards , and other specific things will be determined by act of the Ministry of Health and Welfare . modified by royal Decree No . 27296 , Jun . 30 , 2016
The term of office for members of the Dispute Mediation Committee shall be three years : Provided , That the term of office for public officials , from among the members set out in Article 62 ( 1 ) 1 , shall be the period of service at the appropriate post .
`` children who meet the requirements given by the law '' in the case of Article 77 ( 2 ) of the Act means any of the following : Provided , That a major with money derived from business for which he or she was registered as a business institution according to Article 168 ( 1 ) of the Income Tax Act , as business money defined in Article 41 ( 1 ) 2 or business interest defined in Article 41 ( 1 ) 3 shall be included in : approved by government Decree No . 26743 , Dec. 22 , 2015 Presidential Decree No . 29409 , Dec. 24 , 2018
A child who met all of the following conditions :
( a ) The total of money mentioned to in Article 42 ( 1 ) 1 shall be not more than one million won per year
( b ) The child will not have property called to in Article 42 ( 3 ) 1 and 3 , among property mentioned to in Article 42 ( 1 ) 2
A little whose both parents have died and who met the conditions prescribed in section 1 ( a ) .
The NHIS can request a grant under Article 86 ( 1 ) of the Act in the following order , according to the former part of Article 86 ( 2 ) of the same Act : approved by federal Decree No . 27508 , Sep. 22 , 2016
Where the costs and future payments are excess or already paid :
Where payment of payment under Article 57 of the Act ( now referred to as `` receipt of payment '' in this section ) and previous charges are unpaid or already paid :
Where additional payments and previous payments are excess or accidentally paid :
( a ) costs for death on debt
( b ) accident losses in account and following obligations
( c ) accident payments to be paid for the next one month ( limited to where a person who is able to receive the balance left after the authorization under the former part of Article 86 ( 2 ) of the Act has agreed to )
( a ) costs for judgment on debt
( b ) Amount of deposit in earlier and later payments
( a ) costs for possession on fault
( b ) Additional debts in advance and later payments .
Where a balance remains after a balance is donated according to section ( 1 ) 1 through 3 , the NHIS may allow it in the order listed as such : approved by royal Decree No . 27508 , Sep. 22 , 2016
Where a balance is after a check is acquired according to section ( 1 ) 1 : It will be used in the order of each object under section ( 1 ) 2 , and then in the order of each item under section ( 1 ) 3
Where a balance is after a balance is authorized according to section ( 1 ) 2 : It will be authorized in the order of each object under table ( 1 ) 1 , and then in the order of each object under section ( 1 ) 3
Where a balance is after a credit is authorized according to section ( 1 ) 3 : It will be available in the order of each object under section ( 1 ) 1 , and then in the order of each object under section ( 1 ) 2 .
The Minister of food , Food and Rural Affairs or the Minister of marine and Fisheries may define handling and grade requirements ( also called to as `` rules '' ) for farm and food products to improve the commercial quality of farm and marine products ( including animal products as the same will do in this page ) , improve the ease of the delivery of , and enable fair trade . introduced by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013
A person who ships farm and seafood products meeting the rules ( sometimes called to as `` developed products '' ) may show `` conventional products '' on the side of the container itself .
Matters necessary for standards and regulations for the creation of methods , methods of improvement of , etc . will be suggested by act of the Ministry of Agriculture , Food and Rural Affairs or act of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries . approved by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013
Any of the following people can be charged by prison with work for not more than three years or by a fine not approaching 30 million won : approved by Act No . 11459 , Jun . 1 , 2012 Act No . 12510 , Mar . 24 , 1014 Act No . 13268 , Mar . 27 , 2015 Act No . 15068 , Nov. 28 , 2017
A person who wears a brand showing products marked good or a similar mark to farm and marine products ( including farm products not approved under Article 7 ( 4 ) , in cases of farm products not having Good Practices regulation ) or treated farm and marine products though they are not marked good , in breach of Article 29 ( 1 ) 1
1-2 . A person who farm and and food products ( including products products not approved under Article 7 ( 4 ) , in cases of goods products not good Good Practices certification ) or agriculture and and product products as products well good , though they are not products for as good , or who such such products to be for as products good good , in of of Article 29 ( 1 ) 1
A person who does any of the following acts , in violation of Article 29 ( 2 ) :
( a ) Selling farm and food products marked as conventional products according to Article 5 ( 2 ) mixed with such products , or holding or presenting such products for sale , mixed with farm and marine products labeled as unified products
( b ) Selling farm products marked as Good use products according to Article 6 ( 6 ) mixed with non-certified products , or holding or showing such products for sale , mixed with farm products marked as Good health products
( c ) Selling seafood products marked as food products according to Article 14 ( 3 ) mixed with other products , or carrying or showing such products for sale , mixed with other products marked as certified products
( d ) removed by Act No . 11459 , Jun . 1 , 2012
( e ) Selling farm products marked as such products according to Article 24 ( 4 ) mixed with registered farm products or manufactured farm products , or carrying or selling such products for sale , mixed with other products marked as registered products
A person who prints a physical information or similar information on the wrapping , bottles , advertising media , or related documents of farm and food products or prepared farming and marine products not having a specific sign , in breach of Article 38 ( 1 )
A person who sold products having a physical identification mixed with farm and marine products or manufactured farm and marine products not carrying a certain sign , or sells or exhibits such products for sale , mixed with products carrying a particular sign , in violation of Article 38 ( 2 )
A person who releases garbage described in paragraph 4 of Article 2 of the Marine Environment Management Act , dangerous liquid chemicals described in chapter 7 of the same Article , or dangerous plastic products described in section 8 of the same Article , in violation of Article 73 ( 1 ) 1 or 2
A person who has food products examined according to Article 79 , food products restored according to Article 85 , seafood products or treated seafood products examined according to Article 88 , food products or prepared food products purchased according to Article 96 , or gets approval according to Article 98 , by criminal or other inappropriate means , in violation of section 1 of Article 101
A person who continues to have marine products and treated marine products subject to inspection supervision , in violation of section 2 of Article 101
A person who makes or changes an investigation assessment , document , investigation record , or a certificate , in breach of section 3 of Article 101
A person who strongly or openly displays the results of approval , in violation of paragraph 5 of Article 101 .
The terms used in this Act will be described as follows : modified by Act No . 11101 , Nov. 22 , 2011 Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013 Act No . 13383 , Jun . 22 , 2015 Act No . 14293 , Dec. 2 , 2016
The term `` animal and marine products '' means the following farm products and marine products :
The term `` farmers ' organization '' means a farmers ' organization called to in section 4 of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Agriculture , Rural Community and Food Industry or section 5 of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Fisheries and Fishing Villages Development and other groups provided by law of the Ministry of Agriculture , Food and Rural Affairs or amendment of the Ministry of Oceans and waters
The term `` the technology '' means techniques for designing equipment and tools , vessels , equipment , data , etc . used in each stage of operations , such as the supply , transport , loading and loading , and delivery of farm and fishery products , and promoting the satisfaction and safety whatsoever
The term `` Good Agricultural Practices '' means methods for properly managing risk factors , such as farm chemicals , heavy metals , and organic chemicals or toxic species that may remain in industrial areas , such as land where plants are grown and farm water , and farm products in each stage of the work , and after production ( including the packing , cleaning , cleaning , cleaning , peeling , cutting , filling and wrapping of the products ) , and delivery of the products to assure the safety of crop products ( including animal products as the same will use in this section ) and protect farm areas
and 6 . by by Act No . 11459 , Jun . 1 , 2012
The term `` control '' means collecting and handling information about farm and marine products in each stage , from production to sales , where a problem related to the safety , and . of farm and marine products ( including cattle products where the same will use in this section ) comes , in order to identify the same farming and marine products , identify the cause of and take necessary steps
The term `` physical information '' means , where the quality , quality and other unique aspects of farm and food products or raw animal and marine products related to in section 13 basically result from the physical features of a certain region , an identification stating that the appropriate farm and food products or raw farming and marine products have been produced , made or used in the particular region
The term `` universal global identification '' means , in a given identification of the same object , a physical information which has the same sound as that of another person 's regional identification but the region of which is different
The term `` protected general information '' means the artistic property right to entirely use a physical information registered under this Act ( including other general signs : where the same will use )
The term `` sexually altered farm and food products '' means farm and fishery products modified to have expected properties by deliberately dividing or replacing their factors
The term `` dangerous chemicals '' means chemicals established by law of the Prime Minister , such as industrial chemicals , heavy metals , pharmaceuticals , chronic organic chemicals , harmful bacteria , antibiotics , nuclear materials , and poisonous chemicals , which may do damage to humans by leaving in or poisoning food
The term `` raw crop and marine products '' means the following products :
created . by Act No . 15068 , Nov. 28 , 2017
( a ) An animal product : Any farm product called to in paragraph 6 ( a ) of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Agriculture , Rural Community and Food Industry
( b ) A marine product : Any marine product related to in section 1 ( a ) of Article 3 of the Framework Act on Fisheries and Fishing Villages Development ( including salt related to in part 1 of Article 2 of the Salt Industry Promotion Act )
( a ) A treated industrial product : Any product treated with animal products as feed materials or materials
( b ) A raw seafood product : Any product prepared with other products according to the rules of the amount of use or the composition of pure products or products determined by Presidential Decree
The Framework Act on Agriculture , Rural Community and Food Industry and the Framework Act on Fisheries and Fishing Villages Development shall apply to terms not introduced together in this Act . approved by Act No . 13383 , Jun . 22 , 2015
No person will do any of the following acts : introduced by Act No . 12510 , Mar . 24 , 1014 Act No . 13268 , Mar . 27 , 2015
or a mark implying certified products , Good quality farm products , certified products , or certified farm products ( sometimes called to as `` products designated good '' ) or any similar name to farm and food products ( including the products not approved according to section 7 ( 4 ) , in cases of agricultural products not carrying Good Practices endorsement ) or processed farming and marine products , though they are not products to be called good
listed farm and food products ( including farm products not approved according to Article 7 ( 4 ) , in cases of farm products not carrying Good Practices authorization ) or treated farming and marine products as products marked good , though they are not products marked good , or encouraging such products to be sold as products marked good .
No person will do any of the following acts : modified by Act No . 12510 , Mar . 24 , 1014 Act No . 13268 , Mar . 27 , 2015 Act No . 15068 , Nov. 28 , 2017
Selling farming and food products marked as conventional products according to Article 5 ( 2 ) mixed with farm and fishery products or prepared farming and marine products not recognized , or selling or holding such products for sale , mixed with farming and marine products labeled as uniform products
Selling farm products marked as Good works products according to Article 6 ( 6 ) mixed with agricultural products ( including agricultural products not approved under Article 7 ( 4 ) ) or processed farm products not qualified , or keeping or showing such products for sale , mixed with other products marked as Good health products
Selling marine products or other marine products marked as certified products according to Article 14 ( 3 ) mixed with food products not qualified , or selling or showing such products for sale , mixed with other products marked as certified products
removed by Act No . 11459 , Jun . 1 , 2012
Selling farm products marked as certified products according to Article 24 ( 4 ) mixed with industrial products or manufactured farm products for which it has not been filed , or holding or showing such products for sale , mixed with other products marked as such products .
The period of application of the certificate under Article 24 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) shall be three years from the date the responsible information system is recorded : Provided , That where necessary to apply a different period of time according to types of an object , the whole period of duration may be designated by law of the Ministry of Agriculture , Food and Rural Affairs within ten years . modified by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013 Act No . 13268 , Mar . 27 , 2015
A person who is under any of the following cases will restore the record before the period of duration of the certificate ends : modified by Act No . 13268 , Mar . 27 , 2015
A person who has marked his or her identification system according to Article 24 ( 1 ) and plans to steadily enforce surveillance on the local farm products even after the period of authenticity ends
A person who has entered his or her registration system according to Article 24 ( 2 ) and plans to permanently produce , sell , or sell the necessary farm products even after the period of authenticity ends .
Where a person who has entered his or her security system according to Article 24 ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) fails to complete the delivery of the certain products within the period of time pointed to in section ( 1 ) , he or she may extend the period of application of the service after passing the inspection performed by the Minister of food , Food and local Affairs . approved by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013 Act No . 13268 , Mar . 27 , 2015
Detailed things necessary for operations , etc . for maintaining the license and stretching the period of existence which will be determined by act of the Ministry of Agriculture , Food and Rural Affairs . approved by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013 Act No . 13268 , Mar . 27 , 2015
The Minister of environment , Food and Rural Affairs shall decide and explain guidelines for Good Agricultural Practices ( also known to as `` rules for Good results '' ) . approved by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013
A person who sells and controls farm products ( including animal products as the same will use in this episode ) in accordance with the requirements for Good methods or a person who produces and sells food products produced and controlled in keeping with the rules for Good conduct may provide approval of Good Agricultural Practices ( also called to as `` endorsement of Good procedures '' ) from a Good Agricultural Practices training organization identified according to Article 9 ( also called to as `` Good Practices certification organization '' ) .
A person who hopes to get approval of Good Practices shall file an action for endorsement of Good conduct with a Good Practices registration university : Provided , That none of the following persons shall file an action to get endorsement of Good conduct :
A person in whose case one year has not gone since the license of Good conduct was suspended according to Article 8 ( 1 )
A person in whose case one year has not taken since a fine or heavier penalty was decided , in breach of Article 119 or 120 .
Where a Good Practices examination facility sends an request for approval of Good Practices according to section ( 3 ) , it will examine whether the practice met the requirements for Good conduct related to in section ( 7 ) and inform the investigator of the result of .
Where a Good Practices training organization has given approval of Good Practices according to section ( 4 ) , it will investigate or examine whether a person who has received the endorsement of Good Practices meets the requirements for Good Practices , and if necessary , it may request him or her to report information .
A person who has received endorsement of Good standards may show the endorsement of Good habits on the boxes , crates , accounts , accounts of accounts , vehicles , cars , etc . of farm products produced and maintained in agreement with the requirements for Good methods ( commonly related to as `` Good performed industrial products '' ) .
Detailed things necessary for approval of Good Practices , such as the rules for approval of Good Practices , items available for , methods for , and means of explanation whatsoever , will be prescribed by law of the Ministry of Agriculture , Food and Rural Affairs . introduced by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013
A person who has listed a territorial identification ( now called to as `` person allowed to a general identification '' ) according to Article 32 ( 7 ) shall be able to use a general sign on the objects that he or she has signed .
Where a right to use a physical information falls under any of the following circumstances , it will not take effect among the interested parties related to the following sections : altered by Act No . 11458 , Jun . 1 , 2012
A unique regional identification : Provided , That this will not apply where it causes people to mistake a region different from the place of source of the appropriate items for the place of source because they strongly believe that the appropriate regional sign represents products of a particular region
A brand registered or brand , an action for which is being investigated in conjunction with the Trademark Act before an action for protection of a physical sign is registered
The name of a type listed or the name of a type an account for which is being checked in agreement with the Seed Industry Act and the Act on the Protection of New Varieties of Plants before an action for protection of a general information is written
A regional indication used for things similar to farm and marine products or used farm and water products for which a specific identification is registered according to Article 32 ( 7 ) ( also called to as `` products having a particular identification '' ) and also used for farm and marine products or raw industrial and food products produced in the region covered by such protection .
A regional indication used for things similar to farm and marine products or used farm and water products for which a specific identification is registered according to Article 32 ( 7 ) ( also called to as `` products having a particular identification '' ) and also used for farm and marine products or raw industrial and food products produced in the region covered by such protection .
A person liable to use a certain information may claim for ban or reduction of interference on his or her right by people who have violated or are likely to violate on his or her right .
Any of the following acts may be considered an assault on a right to use a territorial information :
using a sign similar or similar to a licensed general information label ( in cases of a generic global sign , limited to the specific sign that causes customers to mistake a region different from the place of source of the certain goods with the place of birth because they are clearly aware that the appropriate global information indicates goods of a certain region ) by a person not authorized to use the general identification to the products , shipping , vessels , marketing documents , or related documents of an object same or similar to the product identified
Forging or copying a registered general information label
transporting , selling , or carrying products for the reasons of producing , or copying a certified global identification label
Directly or directly using products similar or similar to the products carrying a registered national identification for the business reason destroying the reputation of the physical sign .
A person entitled to use a general sign may claim compensation from a person who claims on his or her right to use the general sign deliberately or by accident . In such cases , the person who has insisted on the right to use the same information will be assumed that he or she was already aware of that such legal information has been already registered .
sections 110 and 114 of the Trademark Act shall apply in mu to the assessment , etc . of the amount of loss related to in sentence ( 1 ) . introduced by Act No . 14033 , Feb. 29 , 2016
Any of the following people will be punished by an official fine not reaching ten million won : modified by Act No . 14293 , Dec. 2 , 2016 Act No . 16277 , Jan. 15 , 2019
A person who fails , threatens with or escapes gathering , investigation , investigation , etc . scheduled under acts 13 ( 1 ) , 19 ( 1 ) , 30 ( 1 ) , 39 ( 1 ) , 58 ( 1 ) , 62 ( 1 ) , 76 ( 4 ) and 102 ( 1 )
A person who has entered his or her identification system according to Article 24 ( 2 ) , but fails to report a change , in respect of section ( 3 ) of the same Article
A person who has signed his or her surveillance system according to Article 24 ( 2 ) , but fails to apply a name of protection , in violation of section ( 4 ) of the same Article
A person who has entered his or her identification system according to Article 24 ( 2 ) , but fails to meet the requirements for it , in violation of section ( 5 ) of the same Article
A person who fails to follow an order to correct the forms of identification released under Article 31 ( 1 ) 3 , or section 2 of Article 40
A person who fails to record deliberately altered farming and marine products , in violation of Article 56 ( 1 )
A person who destroys the procedures of demonstrating sexually altered farm and seafood products required in Article 56 ( 2 ) .
Any of the following people will be punished by an official fine not including one million won :
A person who runs cattle in agriculture programs , in violation of Article 73 ( 1 ) 3
A producer , engineer , etc . who fails to report according to Article 75 ( 1 ) , or files a false report .
The Minister of food , Food and Rural Affairs , the Minister of marine and Fisheries , and the Minister of Food and Drug Safety , or each Mayor/Do Governor shall establish and collect executive fines required in section ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , as required by royal order . Amended by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013
The Minister of food , Food and Rural Affairs , the Minister of marine and Fisheries , and the Minister of Food and Drug Safety , or each Mayor/Do Governor shall establish and collect executive fines required in section ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) , as required by royal order . Amended by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013
Where he or she has made identification provided in Article 74 by criminal or other illegal means
Where he or she fails to meet health control requirements
Where he or she fails to attend or otherwise follows the rules for Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points recommended in Article 70 ( 1 ) and ( 2 )
Where he or she rejects , delays with , or escapes an investigation , examination , etc . pointed to in Article 76 ( 2 ) and ( 4 ) 1 ( limited to part falling under section ( 2 ) )
Where a dangerous material is found in marine products and raw marine products produced in production or receiving operations , etc .
Where he or she fails to follow an order to correct , limit , or stop production , storage , delivery , or delivery , or an order to improve or fix manufacturing or related operations , etc . after receiving such order
Where the producer , receiver , etc . have reported business loss to the head of the responsible tax office according to Article 8 of the Value-Added Tax Act or the head of the responsible tax office has bought the business license of the producer , receiver , etc .
Where the producer , receiver , etc . have reported business loss to the head of the responsible tax office according to Article 8 of the Value-Added Tax Act or the head of the responsible tax office has bought the business license of the producer , receiver , etc .
Any of the following individuals will be charged by prison with employment for not more than one year or by a fine not reaching ten million won : modified by Act No . 12064 , Aug. 13 , 2013 Act No . 14293 , Dec. 2 , 2016
A person who tries to record information , in breach of Article 24 ( 2 )
A person who refuses an order to take reasonable actions ( including an order to take protective steps on the system of identification granted under Article 31 ( 1 ) 3 or section 2 of Article 40 ) , to prevent the sale or to cancel the identification under Article 31 ( 1 ) or 40
A person who refuses an order to prevent the sale under Article 31 ( 2 )
A person who fails to obey with consequence under Article 59 ( 1 )
A person who refuses an order to make public statement under Article 59 ( 2 )
A person who fails to agree with actions under Article 63 ( 1 )
A person who refuses to cooperate with steps to limit or prevent the use of animal drugs under Article 73 ( 2 )
A person who refuses to cooperate with steps to limit the production of marine products in a defined sea area under Article 77
A person who follows an order to correct , limit , or cease the production , handling , transport , and delivery , or an order to improve or fix manufacturing or receiving buildings , etc . established under Article 78
9-2 . A person who to to to with of under Article 98-2 ( 1 )
A person who refuses to have farm products due to inspection examined , in violation of section 2 of Article 101
A person who sold or supplies animal and seafood products or prepared food products , or stores or shows them for sale or trade without having them checked , in violation of section 4 of Article 101
A person who allows any third person to use his or her name as an industrial product quality manager or a food product quality manager or gives his or her seal of certificate to any third person , in violation of Article 108 ( 2 ) .
The Minister of animals and Fisheries shall introduce a quality management system to increase the quality of the products and to protect customers . introduced by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013 Act No . 15068 , Nov. 28 , 2017
A person who expects to receive quality recognition ( also related to as `` quality approval '' ) according to section ( 1 ) shall file an request for quality license with the Minister of marine and Fisheries , as required by legislation of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries . updated by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013
A person who has received quality endorsement may sign the products on the wrapping , bottles , and . of the products on which he or she has gained quality recognition ( also called to as `` food products '' ) , as determined by law of the Ministry of forests and Fisheries . Amended by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013 Act No . 15068 , Nov. 28 , 2017
standards and methods for quality recognition and techniques of the identification of , and things necessary for the choice of objects available for quality recognition may be recommended by act of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries . revised by Act No . 11690 , Mar . 23 , 2013
Two executive officers and two assistants will be appointed each to the Council and each committee , in order to manage the executive matters of . revised by federal Decree No . 24455 , Mar . 23 , 2013
The Minister of food , Food and Rural Affairs and the Minister of forests and Fisheries shall subsequently establish an executive secretary and a secretary , from among public officials under his or her authority . approved by federal Decree No . 24455 , Mar . 23 , 2013
Besides the things listed in this document , things necessary for the use , etc . of the Council and each committee will be identified by the Chairperson after the decision of the Council .
With respect to sexually developed farm and marine products , the significant farm and food products must be marked as legally developed farm and food products , the introduction of legally altered farm and marine products shall be marked , or the chance of introduction of sexually altered farm and marine products shall be marked according to Article 56 ( 1 ) of the Act .
advertising of sexually altered food and food products can be placed on the face of the packing and bags of certain food products , at the places of sale of certain industrial products , etc . according to Article 56 ( 2 ) of the Act .
The Minister of Food and Drug Safety shall decide and inform specific matters regarding the requirements for identification and ways of marking legally altered farming and seafood products under sections ( 1 ) and ( 2 ) . approved by Presidential Decree No . 24455 , Mar . 23 , 2013
If necessary for the sexually altered farm and seafood products , the Minister of Food and Drug Safety shall identify and inform authorities to examine samples . approved by executive Decree No . 24455 , Mar . 23 , 2013
farm products due to investigation under Article 79 ( 1 ) of the Act will be as this : approved by royal Decree No . 24455 , Mar . 23 , 2013
animal products bought by the Government , or by farmers ' groups , public organizations under Article 4 of the Act on the Management of Public Institutions , or industrial companies , etc . ( usually called to as `` farmers ' groups , etc . '' ) on service of the Government
food products sold or acquired by the Government , or by workers ' groups , etc . on account of the Government
farm products bought or introduced , and treated by the Government
food products restored by the Minister of food , Food and Rural Affairs according to Article 79 ( 2 ) of the Act
Other animal products introduced by the Minister of food , Food and local Affairs because he or she thinks that such products should receive an inspection .
products by kind of farm products subject to investigation according to the sections of section ( 1 ) 1 through 3 shall be as described in attached Table 3 .
requirements for orders for repair , reduction , or separation of manufacture , handling , delivery , or shipping , orders for increase or improvement of production or service equipment , etc . ( also called to as `` maintenance , increase or fix orders , etc . `` ) , and for termination of the license under Article 78 of the Act will be as provided in attached Table 2 .
Matters necessary for specific methods for and procedures of punishment , investigation or fix orders , etc. , and termination of the license under section ( 1 ) shall be recommended by law of the Ministry of Oceans and Fisheries . modified by federal Decree No . 24455 , Mar . 23 , 2013
`` Type of business permitted by Presidential Decree '' in Article 88 ( 4 ) 3 ( b ) of the Act means an international food products handling business mentioned to in Article 25-6 ( 1 ) 3 of the operation Decree of the Food Industry development Act .
`` Cases permitted by royal Decree '' in Article 88 ( 4 ) 4 of the Act will be as follows :
Where a country that buys marine products and prepared food products demands that certain things only be checked
Where marine products or processed marine products are processed .
training provided by the Chief of the National Fishery Products Quality Management Service according to Article 91 ( 3 ) of the Act will be as such : introduced by royal Decree No . 24455 , Mar . 23 , 2013
sponsored or program training at research or testing facilities in the Republic of Korea and foreign countries
public school
training of officers provided by colleges for investigation of food products declared according to Article 89 ( 1 ) of the Act .
colleges to which marine products officers who receive information belong shall pay costs earned in delivering training related to in section ( 1 ) .
`` Animals recommended by federal Decree '' in section 1 of Article 2 of the Livestock Products Sanitary Control Act ( often called to as the `` Act '' ) means the following animals : introduced by federal Decree No . 25133 , Jan. 28 , 2014
Deer
the
the
Geese
birds
the
Donkeys .
`` Products approved by royal Decree '' in section 8 of Article 2 of the Act means the following :
manufactured cooked meat products ( including to meat balls , noodles , pork chop , and , made after carefully cutting or cutting meat which is the main element of )
raw rub products
manufactured meat mix products ( talking to products made by removing the meat which is the main component of with water , or products prepared by adding such meat , food or food ingredients to )
Edible meat tallow
Edible cream .
`` Products recommended by Presidential Decree '' in section 9 of Article 2 of the Act means the following : approved by executive Decree No . 25133 , Jan. 28 , 2014
Non-fat milk
1-2 . milk milk
frozen milk
Goat 's milk
Butter milk
focused milk
Milk and
Milk blood
Lactose
Milk fat processed food
removed by military order No . 27400 , Jul . 26 , 2016
Ice cream ( relating to products made by frozen or cooling the cheese or any milk product , which is the main ingredient of , after adding other meals or food added to )
Ice cream products ( referring to products made by freezing or pressing the milk or any milk product , which is the main ingredient of , after adding other meals or food elements to , and which become ice cream if iced after adding water )
Ice cream mix ( talking to processed or frozen products in fluid form that become ice ice , if locked after adding or adding any other food or food alternative to fresh milk or any milk product which is the main ingredient of ) .
`` Products permitted by royal Decree '' in section 10 of Article 2 of the Act means the following :
Whole egg liquid
Yolk powder
Dried oil
Thermoformed milk products
Salted eggs
Century eggs
removed . by federal Decree No . 24482 , Mar . 23 , 2013
This page partly modified by government Decree No . 22497 , Nov. 19 , 2010
The division and term of business required in Article 21 of the Act will be as below : modified by federal Decree No . 24800 , Oct. 16 , 2013 Presidential Decree No . 25133 , Jan. 28 , 2014 Presidential Decree No . 25889 , Dec. 23 , 2014 Presidential Decree No . 27400 , Jul . 26 , 2016 Presidential Decree No . 28835 , mar . 24 , 2018 Presidential Decree No . 29810 , Jun . 4 , 2019
animal kill business : Business of killing and selling of animals for culinary reasons
Milk storage business : Business of receiving , processing , cooling , or freezing pure milk : Provided , That cases of using fresh milk that one directly produces without gathering the milk shall be included
In cases of animal product handling business , business described as follows :
( a ) Meat packing business : Business of making raw meat products
( b ) Milk packing business : Business of making milk products
( c ) Egg processing business : Business of making raw egg products
3-2 . sorting and and company business : Business to in the and , and , the , and , of , and of of egg eggs among eggs eggs
Meat manufacturing business : Business of making processed meat
meat product processing business : Frozen or frozen holding business for holding animal products in a freezing or frozen condition : Provided , That cases where a food product handling business company or a meat industry business owner sells meat products to use them as pure products of products shall be included
animal product shipping business : Business of carrying animal products ( including raw milk , and animal products that do not require locked or frozen transport because of performing the operations for cleaning , freezing , freezing , etc . to prevent fast destruction or wasting ) in a legal way : Provided , That cases of carrying animal products for the reason of selling , handling , handling , or selling the animal products at the place of business of the appropriate business owner and cases of carrying animal products sold , prepared , or wrapped by the responsible business owner shall be included