A marriage is void and invalid if it comes under any one of the following criteria : modified by Act No . 7427 , Mar . 31 , 2005
Where there is no agreement to meet between the parties
Where the marriage is in violation of Article 809 ( 1 )
Where there is or occurred between the parties the relationship of distant relatives by association
Where there was between the parties the relationship of direct blood cousins of the parent line .
Any person who is eighteen years old or older may enter into marriage .
This page is modified by Act No . 8720 , Dec. 21 , 2007
A child will receive the permission of both parents in order to meet . If one parent is unable to use the right of permission , the child must get the permission of the other parent , and if neither parent is able to use the right of permission , the child will get the permission of his or her father of major .
An older ward may marry upon securing the permission of his or her parents or older parent .
This is entirely modified by Act No . 10429 , Mar . 7 , 2011
A marriage may not be allowed between blood relatives ( including the blood relatives of an orphan before full separation ) within the eighth level of marriage .
This section was modified by Act No . 7427 , March 31 , 2005 according to the determination of interference with the Constitution which was made by the Constitutional Court on March 27 , 1997
A marriage may not be allowed between the parties who are or were such people by association as the parents of blood relatives within the sixth level of marriage , the blood family of the wife within the sixth sense of marriage , and the children of blood friends of the wife within the fourth kind of marriage .
A marriage may not be allowed between the parties who were the blood relatives of biological parent line within the sixth level of connection and the other friends of biological parent line within the fourth family of family .
This area entirely modified by Act No . 7427 , Mar . 31 , 2005
No one who has a wife will enter into another marriage .
Legal effect taken by family of cousins shall apply to the following persons unless this Act or other Acts provide otherwise :
Blood relatives within the eighth kind of relationship
close relatives within the fourth level of family
wife .
This act entirely altered by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990
If there are such parents as found in Article 1000 ( 1 ) 1 and 2 , the wife of the parent becomes a partner , in the same order as the said parent . If there is no heir , the husband becomes the only heir . introduced by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990
In the case mentioned in Article 1001 , the wife of the dead or the divorced person , before the beginning of estate , becomes a parent in the same order as the ones found in the same order . If there is no heir , the wife becomes the only owner . modified by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990
the property owning to either husband or wife from the time before the marriage and property gained during the marriage in his or her own name will represent his or her unique property .
Any property , of which title is unknown between the husband and wife , must be assumed to be in their possession . introduced by Act No . 3051 , Dec. 31 , 1977
If , with regard to normal home affairs , one wife has done a legal act with a third person , the other wife will be simultaneously and individually responsible for the responsibility here : Provided , That this will not apply where a recent notice , to the effect that the other person will not accept such responsibility , has been clearly given to the third person .
The costs necessary for collective life of husband and wife shall be simultaneously and subsequently taken by them , unless a special agreement has been made between them .
This page is modified by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990
A request to the court for recognition of a marriage may be made under any one of the following provisions : modified by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990 Act No . 7427 , Mar . 31 , 2005
Where a marriage is in breach of the regulations of rules 807 through 809 ( including the cases falling under the void of marriage under Article 815 and in Articles 817 and 820 the same will use ) or 810
When at the time of marriage one of the parties was aware that the other party had been dying from a cancer illness or had any other serious reason which would make personal life unable to continue
When the statement of purpose to meet has been made by fraud or fraud .
The divorce of a marriage will not be fully active .
The female parents of a parent who does not raise children may request the Family Court to grant custody with the children , where the parent is unable to visit the children due to death or any other such situation such as sickness and detention abroad . In such cases , the Family Court will take into account circumstances such as the purpose of the children , the relationship between the receiving person and the children , and the reasons for the demand . Newly introduced by Act No . 14278 , Dec. 2 , 2016
Husband and wife may get a divorce by agreement .
Either husband or wife may apply to the Family Court for a marriage in each case of the these cases : modified by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990
If the other wife has done an act of adultery
If one wife has been deliberately abandoned by the other husband
If one wife has been severely treated by the other wife or his or her own ancestors
If one partner 's female descendant has been equally attacked by the other husband
If the death or life of the other wife has been known for three years
If there is any other serious cause for making it difficult to continue the marriage .
Article 806 shall apply lex ratio to the charges for compensation from a legal marriage , Article 837 to the obligation of raising children following a legal marriage , Article 837-2 to the custody rights following a legal marriage , Article 839-2 to the case for division of property following a legal marriage , and Article 839-3 to the right to cancel a fraudulent act for the reason of maintaining the reasons for division of property following legal separation .
This is totally modified by Act No . 11300 , Feb. 10 , 2012
A contract becomes active when one of the parties has agreed to allow the other party to use an object and take benefits from , and the latter has agreed to pay money for it .
it will be paid at the end of each month in the case of a fixed , a building , or a building site , and at the end of each year in the case of any other land : Provided , That in the case of a used subject which has a crop year , rent will be paid , without cause , upon the close of such a season .
In the case of the rent of a building or any other space , if the amount of price in possession is the price for two times , the landlord may cancel the deal for the future .
If part of the rented object has become useless , or has become difficult to take money from , due to loss or any other cause other than the fault of the tenant , the landlord may request a reduction of the cost in relation to the part which has been lost .
If , as stated in section ( 1 ) , the remaining part of the purpose is not enough to allow the tenant to achieve the aim for which the contract has been made , the owner may terminate the contract for the future .
If the delivery of a certain thing is the object of a claim , the company is tied to protect such thing with the care of a good manager until it is sold .
If things are necessary to the rented object or a third person has a right over it , the owner shall inform the owner of without delay : Provided , That this will not apply if the owner has prior information of this knowledge .
The owner may not answer to a person who does any act considered necessary for the protection of the object rented .
A landlord is tied to deliver the object to the owner , to keep rules necessary for the use and taking costs of the rented object while the rent is in force .
A landlord may not offer his rights or sell the rented object without the permission of the owner .
If the owner breaks the terms of sentence ( 1 ) , the owner may cancel the deal for the future .
If the defendant does an act of destruction against the will of the owner and the owner is thus unable of reaching the purpose for which the rent has been acquired , the owner may cancel the agreement for the future .
If one of the parties rejects a deal for the future , the agreement will lose its effect for the future .
payment for the future or termination of a contract will not affect any claim for losses .
One of the parties to a positive agreement may deny performance of his own duty until the other party reports execution of his responsibility : Provided , That this will not apply where the requirement of the other party is not due .
If one of the parties to a deal is forced to render execution of his own duty first to the other party , and if there is any major cause present by which the other party 's work becomes difficult , the body of the following section shall apply .
Any contract signed by the parties in violation of the regulations of Articles 627 , 628 , 631 , 635 , 638 , 640 , 641 , and 643 through 647 which is unacceptable to either the owner or owner will be invalid .
If the owner of a building or any other building has attached an object to such a building , etc . with the permission of the owner for the advantage of the tenant 's use , the owner may request that the owner buy such objects at the time when the contract of rent ends .
The regulations of the following section will apply to the equipment bought from the owner .
If no period for a lease has been fixed , either party may give notice to the other party at any time to terminate the rent for the future .
termination of the rent for the future will be active upon the termination of the times described in each of the following sections , from the day on which the other party has received the notice stated in section ( 1 ) :
Six months , if the owner has given notice of termination of the rent to the tenant , and one month , if the owner has given letter of termination of the rent to the owner , in the case of land , building and any other building
Five days in the case of a fixed .
A deal for work becomes active when one of the parties has agreed to do a certain job and the other has agreed to pay compensation for the result of such work .
The payment will be made together with the execution of the finished object of the work : Provided , That if the execution of the object of the work is not required , it will be paid without wait after the work has been done .
The regulations of Article 656 ( 2 ) shall apply as ratio to the terms mentioned in section ( 1 ) .
The regulations of Articles 667 and 668 will not work if the fault in the finished matter of the work has occurred through the nature of the supplies provided by the person who ordered the work , or by reason of orders given by him : Provided , That this will not apply if the engineer , knowing the nature of the resources or instructions , has failed to inform the person who ordered the work .
Even where there was a special contract between the parties that the owner will not be tied by any obligations mentioned in Articles 667 and 668 , he may not be relieved of obligations with regard to the problems in service or items of which he was aware and nevertheless failed to give notice .
One 's family ancestors and such ancestors will be one 's closest blood relatives . One 's brothers and sisters , brother 's and sister 's direct ancestors , brothers and sisters of one 's direct ancestors and such brother 's and sister 's direct relatives will be called primary blood members . approved by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990
No person who comes under any one of the following conditions may become the heir : modified by Act No . 4199 , Jan. 13 , 1990 Act No . 7427 , Mar . 31 , 2005
A person who has either killed or tried to kill a natural heir , the heir , his or her wife , or any person who has responsibility or is in the same order of execution
A person who has deliberately attacked a family heir , the heir or his or her wife , and caused their death
A person who conflicts by deception or force with a will or loss of a will on estate of the estate
A person who , by mistake or force , has the owner make a will on his or her estate
A person who makes , creates , kills or hides a will on estate of the estate .
If an actor fails to effect performance in agreement with the manner and effect of the duty , the plaintiff may claim rights : Provided , That this will not apply to where production has become difficult and where this is not due to the defendant 's purpose or liability .
Any person who causes losses to or causes wounds on another person by an illegal act , deliberately or accidentally , shall be forced to make payment for injuries resulting here .
The payment for losses resulting from the performance of an duty should be limited to normal actions .
The plaintiff is responsible for compensation for losses that have occurred through special circumstances , only if he had predicted or could have predicted such circumstances .
A contract will become active when the parties have agreed to end a conflict between them by common sacrifices .
A deal of a contract may not be terminated on the ground of a mistake : Provided , That this will not be the case where such a problem is involved with the things subject to the application of either party of a contract or any things other than those which are relevant to the matter due to the dispute .
A legal act which has clearly lost justice through forced circumstances , negligence , or ignorance of the parties shall be void and meaningless .
If a period has been determined by the day , week , month or year , the first day of such period will not be included in the calculations : Provided , That this will not apply if the period ends at midnight .
Where the last day of a period fell on a Saturday or a national day , such period will progress on the following day . modified by Act No . 8720 , Dec. 21 , 2007
The means of calculating the period of time will be defined by the regulations of this Chapter , unless it is otherwise granted by laws by a legal decision or a legal act .
If a period has been determined by the day , week , month or year , the period will progress upon the end of the last day of such period .
If the execution of an action of one of the parties to a foreign agreement becomes difficult by any cause for which the plaintiff is responsible , the plaintiff may request compensation . The same applies to cases where service becomes difficult by any cause for which neither of the parties is responsible in the case of normal contract .
In the cases of the following section if the plaintiff has received any advantage by being discharged of his own duty , he may return such benefit to the plaintiff .
A person will seek the permission of his or her law agent to execute any legal act : Provided , That decisions will be made where the legal act involved is one only to obtain rights or to be discharged from duties .
Any act done in breach of the requirement of the following section is illegal .
A person affecting change may request a payment from the person receiving the service .
The legal prohibition of a prescription will become complete if not granted for a period of ten years .
A loan for supply becomes active when one of the parties decides to shift the possession of money , or any other alternative , to the other party , and the other party agrees to return the same amount of money or the same kind , quality , and amount of any supply afterwards .
If the security has weakened , reduced or destroyed the security
If the government has failed to execute the duty of providing the security .
The company may be freed from responsibility to provide a security by providing other suitable security in place of .
